I'M SORRY SO SORRY. THAT I WAS SUCH A FOOL. I DIDN'T KNOW. LOVE COULD BE SO CRUEL. OH. OH. OH.OH.OH. OH YES. YOU TELL ME ...MISTAKES. ARE PART OF BEING YOUNG. BUT THAT DON'T RIGHT. THE WRONG THAT'S BEEN DONE. I'M SORRY... I'M SORRY. SO SORRY ... SO SORRY. PLEASE ACCEPT, MY APOLOGY. BUT LOVE IS BLIND. AND I WAS TOO BLIND TO SEE. OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH YES. YOU TELL ME... MISTAKES. ARE PART OF BEING YOUNG. BUT THAT DON'T RIGHT. THE WRONG THAT'S BEEN DONE. OH, OH, OH, OH, OH, OH YES. I'M SORRY SO SORRY. PLEASE ACCEPT MY APOLOGY. BUT LOVE WAS BLIND. AND I WAS TOO BLIND TO SEE...You can shake an apple off an apple tree. Shake-a, shake-a sugar but you'll never shake me. No-sir-ee. I'm gonna stick like glue. Stick because I'm stuck on you. I'm gonna run my fingers through your long black hair. Squeeze you tighter than a grizzly bear. Yes-sir-ee. I'm gonna stick like glue. Stick, because I'm stuck on you. Hide in the kitchen, hide in the hall. Ain't gonna do you no good at all. 'Cause once I catch ya and the kissin' starts. A team o' wild horses couldn't tear us apart. Try to take a tiger from his daddy's side. That's how love is gonna keep us tied. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna stick like glue. Stick, because I'm stuck on you. Hide in the kitchen, hide in the hall. Ain't gonna do you no good at all. 'Cause once I catch ya and the kissin' starts. A team o' wild horses couldn't tear us apart. Try to take a tiger from his daddy's side. That's how love is gonna keep us tied. Oh yeah, yes-sir-ee. I'm gonna stick like glue. Yeah yeah, because I'm stuck on you. I'm gonna stick like glue. Yeah yeah, because I'm stuck on you. I'm gonna stick like glue. Yeah yeahPut your sweet lips a little closer to the phone. .... Lets pretend we're together all alone. .... I'll tell the man to turn the jukebox way down low. .... And you can tell your friend there with you he'll have to go. .... Whisper to me tell me do you love me true. .... Or is he holding you the way I do. .... Though love is blind make up your mind I've got to know. .... Should I hang up or will you tell him he'll have to go. .... You cant say the words I want to hear. .... While you're with another man. Do you you want me answer yes or no. Darling I will understand. .... Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone. .... Lets pretend that we're together all alone. .... I'll tell the man to turn the jukebox way down low. .... And you can tell your friend there with you. .... He'll have to go. ...On the bank of the river stood Running Bear, young Indian brave. On the other side of the river stood his lovely Indian maid. Little White Dove was her name, such a lovely sight to see. But their tribes fought with each other, so their love could never be. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love big as the sky. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love that couldn't die. He couldn't swim the raging river 'cause the river was too wide. He couldn't reach the Little White Dove waiting on the other side. In the moonlight he could see her throwing kisses 'cross the waves. Her little heart was beating faster waiting for her Indian brave. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love big as the sky. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love that couldn't die. Running Bear dove in the water, Little White Dove did the same. And they swam out to each other through the swirling stream they came. As their hands touched and their lips met, the raging river pulled them down. Now they'll always be together in their happy hunting ground. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love big as the sky. Running Bear loved Little White Dove. With a love that couldn't dieIt's over our love affair. Too late now I find I care. His sweet love no more I'll share. Now he's gone I'm alone. I was wrong should have known. Took me home on our last date. I search for a single way. To tell him what I had to say. I kissed him, watched him walk away. Set him free foolishly destiny misery. Tragedy on our last date. Took the ring from my trembling fingers. Brushed a tear from my baby's eye. Walked away didn't know that. I'd soon miss him so. Guess I was too young to realize. So blind I couldn't see. How much he really meant to me. And that soon he would always be. On my mind in my heart I was blind from the start. Lost his love on our last dateWay up north, north to Alaska, way up north, north to Alaska. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. Big Sam left Seattle in the year of ninety-two. With George Pratt, his partner, and brother Billy too. They crossed the Yukon River and they found the bonanza gold. Below that old white mountain, just a little south-east of Nome. Sam crossed the Majestic mountains to the valleys far below. He talked to his team of huskies as he mushed on through the snow. With the northern lights a-runnin' wild in the Land of the Midnight Sun. Yes Sam McCord was a mighty man in the year of nineteen-one. Where the river is windin', big nuggets they're findin'. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. Way up north, north to Alaska, way up north, north to Alaska. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. George turned to Sam with his gold in his hand. Said, "Sam, you're lookin' at a lonely, lonely man. I'd trade all the gold that's buried in this land. For one small band of gold to place on sweet little Jenny's hand". "'Cause a man needs a woman to love him all the time. Remember, Sam, a true love is so hard to find. I'd build for my Jenny, a honeymoon home. Below that old white mountain, just a little south-east of Nome". Where the river is windin' big nuggets they're findin'. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. North to Alaska, go north, the rush is on. Way up north, north to Alaska, way up north, north to Alaska. Way up north, north to Alaska, way up north, north to Alaska. Way up northPlease help me I'm falling in love with you. Close the door to temptation don't let me walk through. Turn away from me darling I'm begging you to. Please help me I'm falling in love with you. I belong to another whose arms have grown cold. But I promised forever to have and to hold. I can never be free dear but when I'm with you. I know that I'm losing the will to be true. Please help me I'm falling and that would be sin. Close the door to temptation don't let me walk in. For I mustn't want you but darling I do. Please help me I'm falling in love with you(Wanted, wanted). Alone, so alone that I could cry, I wanna be wanted. Alone, watching lovers passing by, I want to be wanted. When I am kissed I want his lips to really kiss me. When we're apart I want his heart to really miss me. I want to know he loves me so his eyes are misting. That's the way I want to be loved. Alone, just my lonely heart knows how I want to be wanted. Right now not tomorrow but right now I want to be wanted. I want someone to share my laughter and my tears with. Someone I know I'd love to spend a million years with. Where is this someone? Somewhere meant for me. (Alone). Just my lonely heart knows how I want to be wanted. (Right now). Not tomorrow but right now I want to be wanted. I want someone to share my laughter and my tears with. Someone I know I'd love to spend a million years with. Where is this someone? Somewhere meant for me. (Someone, somewhere). Meant for meUh huh, honey, alright.. My baby whispers in my ear. Um, um, sweet nothings. He knows the things I like to hear. Um, Um, sweet nothings.. Things he wouldn't tell nobody else. Secrets, baby, I keep them to myself. Sweet nothings, um, um sweet nothings.. We walk along hand in hand. Um, um, sweet nothings. Yeah, we both understand. Um, um, sweet nothings. Sittin' in class or trying to read my book. My baby, give me that special look. Sweet nothings, um, um, sweet nothings.. --- Instrumental ---. A sittin' on my front porch. Um, um, sweet nothings. Well, do I love you? Of course. Um, um, sweet nothings. Mama turned on the front porch light. Saying come here darling that's enough for tonight. Sweet nothings, um, um, sweet nothings.. Sweet nothings. Um, um, sweet nothings. Sweet nothings...NABig John. Big John. Ev'ry mornin' at the mine you could see him arrive. He stood six foot six and weighed two forty five. Kinda broad at the shoulder and narrow at the hip. And everybody knew, ya didn't give no lip to Big John. (Big John, Big John). Big Bad John. (Big John). Nobody seemed to know where John called home. He just drifted into town and stayed all alone. He didn't say much, he kinda quiet and shy. And if you spoke at all, he just said, "Hi" to Big John. Somebody said he came from New Orleans. Where he got in a fight over a Cajun Queen. And a crashin' blow from a huge right hand. Sent a Louisiana fellow to the Promised Land, Big John. (Big John, Big John). Big Bad John. (Big John). Then came the day at the bottom of the mine. When a timber cracked and men started cryin'. Miners were prayin' and hearts beat fast. And everybody thought that they'd breathed their last, 'cept John. Through the dust and the smoke of this man made hell. Walked a giant of a man that the miners knew well. Grabbed a saggin' timber, gave out with a groan. And like a giant Oak tree, he just stood there alone, Big John. (Big John, Big John). Big Bad John. (Big John). And with all of his strength he gave a mighty shove. Then a miner yelled out, "There's a light up above". And twenty men scrambled from a would-be grave. Now there's only one left down there to save, Big John. With jacks and timbers they started back down. Then came that rumble way down in the ground. And then smoke and gas belched out of that mine. Everybody knew it was the end of the line for Big John. (Big John, Big John). Big Bad John. (Big John). Now they never reopened that worthless pit. They just placed a marble stand in front of it. These few words are written on that stand. At the bottom of this mine lies a big, big man, Big John. (Big John, Big John). Big Bad John. (Big John). (Big John). Big Bad JohnI fall to pieces. Each time I see you again. I fall to pieces. How can I be just your friend. You want me to act like we've never kissed. You want me to forget, pretend we've never met. And I've tried and I've tried but I haven't yet. You walk by, and I fall to pieces. I fall to pieces. Each time someone speaks your name. I fall to pieces. Time only adds to the flame. You tell me to find someone else to love. Someone who'll love me, too, the way you used to do. But each time I go out with someone new. You walk by and I fall to pieces. You walk by and I fall to piecesA dum dum a deedely dum uh huh huh. A dum dum a deedely dum oh yeah. Dum dum a deedely dum. A music's sweet the lights are low. Playin' a song on the radio. Your Ma's in the kitchen your Pa's next door. I wanna love you just a little bit more. Singin' dum dum a deedely dum uh huh. Dum dum a deedely dum. Sing it out dum dum a deedely dum. Come on baby don't you be so shy. You know that I love you let me tell you why. You got a heart I know that it's true. I couldn't love you any more than I do. A singin' dum dum a deedely dum oh yeah. Dum dum a deedely dum. One more time dum dum a deedely dum. Ah I want you with me all of the time. Tell me you love me and you'll be mine. There's so many things that we could do. So say the words and make my dreams come true. Singin' a dum dum a deedely dum uh huh. A dum dum a deedely dum. Sing it out dum dum a deedely dum. A dum dum a deedly dum sing it out. Dum dum a deedly dum I can't hear you. dum dum a deedly dum oh yeahInstrumentalHello, walls. (Hello, hello). How'd things go for you today?. Don't you miss her. Since she up and walked away?. And I'll bet you dread to spend. Another lonely night with me. Lonely walls. I'll keep you company. Hello, window. (Hello, hello). Well, I see that you're still here. Aren't you lonely. Since our darlin' disappeared?. Well, look here, is that a teardrop. In the corner of your pane?. Now, don't you try. To tell me that it's rain. She went away and left us all alone. The way she planned. Guess we'll have to learn to get along. Without her if we can. Hello, ceiling. (Hello, hello). I'm gonna stare at you awhile. You know I can't sleep. So won't you bear with me awhile. We must all stick together or else. I'll lose my mind. I've got a feelin'. She'll be gone a long, long timeAll alone am I ever since your goodbye. All alone with just a beat of my heart. People all around but I don't hear a sound. Just the lonely beating of my heart. No use in holding other hands. For I'd be holding only emptiness. No use in kissing other lips. For I'd be thinking just of your caress. All alone am I ever since your goodbye. All alone with just a beat of my heart. People all around but I don't hear a sound. Just the lonely beating of my heart. No other voice can say the words. My heart must hear to ever sing again. The words you used to whisper low. No other love can ever bring again. All alone am I ever since your goodbye. All alone with just a beat of my heart. People all around but I don't hear a sound. Just the lonely beating of my heartNorman, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Norman, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. Norman, Norman, my love. Jimmy called me on the phone but I was gone, not at home. 'cause I was out parked all alone with darlin' Norman. Bill invited me to a show but I said no, cannot go. There's a dress that I've got to sew and wear for Norman. Norman holds me close to him, Norman kisses me and then. Norman knows my heart belongs to him and him and only him, oh. Norman, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ohh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Norman, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ohh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Norman, Norman, my love. Joey asked me for a date, he wanted to take me out to skate. But I told Joey he would have to make 'rangements with Norman. Norman is my only love, Norman's all I'm thinking of. Norman gives me all his lovin', kissin', huggin', lovey-dovin'. Norman, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Norman, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. Norman, Norman, my loveThey say don't go on Wolverton Mountain. If you're looking for a wife. 'Cause Clifton Clowers has a pretty young daughter. He's mighty handy with a gun and a knife. Her tender lips are sweeter than honey. And Wolverton Mountain protects her there. The bears and the birds tell Clifton Clowers. If a stranger should enter there. All of my dreams are on Wolverton Mountain. I want his daughter for my wife. I'll take my chances and climb that mountain. Though Clifton Clowers, he might take my life. Her tender lips are sweeter than honey. And Wolverton Mountain protects her there. The bears and the birds tell Clifton Clowers. If a stranger should wander there. I'm going up on Wolverton Mountain. It's too lonesome down here below. It's just not right to hide his daughter. From the one who loves her so. Her tender lips are sweeter than honey. And Wolverton Mountain protects her there. The bears and the birds tell Clifton Clowers. If a stranger should wander there. I don't care about Clifton Clowers. I'm gonna climb up on his mountain. I'm gonna take the girl I love. I don't care about Clifton Clowers. I'm a gonna climb up on that mountain. And I'll get the one I loveI cry myself to sleep each night. Wishing I could hold you tight. Life seems so empty since you went away. The pillow where you'd lay your head. Now holds my lonely tears instead. And it keeps right on a-hurtin' since you're gone. It keeps right on a-hurtin' every minute of the day. Every hour you're away I feel so lonely. And I can't help it, I don't think I can go on. And it keeps right on a-hurtin' since you're gone. They say a man should never cry. But when I see you passin' by. My heart breaks down and cries a million tears. You broke my heart and set me free. But you forgot your memory. And it keeps right on a-hurtin' since you're gone. It keeps right on a-hurtin' every minute of the day. Every hour you're away I feel so lonely. And I can't help it, I don't think I can go on. And it keeps right on a-hurtin' since you're goneFrom a Jack to a King. Elvis Presley. (Words & music by Miller). From a jack to a king of loneliness to a wedding ring. I've played a ace and I won the queen. I walked away with your heart. From a jack to a king. With no regrets I stacked, I stacked the cards, I stacked the cards last night. And lady luck played her hand just right. You made me king of your heart. Oh for just a little while I thought that I might lose the game. Oh but just in time I saw that twinkle in your eyes. From a jack to a king of loneliness to a wedding, wedding, wedding ring. I played an ace and I won the queen. You made me king of your heart. For just a little while I thought that I might lose the game. Oh but just in time I saw, I saw that twinkle in your eyes. From a jack to a king from loneliness to a wedding, wedding, wedding ring. I played an ace and I won the queen. You made me king of your heartLove is a burning thing. And it makes a fiery ring. Bound by wild desire. I fell in to a ring of fire. I fell in to a burning ring of fire. I went down, down, down. And the flames went higher. And it burns, burns, burns. The ring of fire. The ring of fire. I fell in to a burning ring of fire. I went down, down, down. And the flames went higher. And it burns, burns, burns. The ring of fire. The ring of fire. The taste of love is sweet. When hearts like ours meet. I fell for you like a child. Oh, but the fire went wild. I fell in to a burning ring of fire. I went down, down, down. And the flames went higher. And it burns, burns, burns. The ring of fire. The ring of fire. I fell into a burning ring of fire. I went down, down, down. And the flames went higher. And it burns, burns, burns. The ring of fire. The ring of fire. And it burns, burns, burns. The ring of fire. The ring of fireWhy does the sun go on shining?. Why does the sea rush to shore?. Don't they know it's the end of the world?. 'Cause you don't love me anymore.... Why do the birds go on singing?. Why do the stars glow above?. Don't they know its the end of the world?. It ended when i lost your love.... I wake up in the morning and i wonder. Why everything's the same as it was.... i can't understand, no- i can't understand. How life goes on the way it does.... Why does my heart go on beating?. Why do these eyes of mine cry?. Don't they know it's the end of the world?. It ended when you said: good bye.. Why does my heart go on beating?. Why do these eyes of mine cry?. Don't they know it's the end of the world?. It ended when you said: GOOD-BYE...I know that I won't forget you. For I've loved you too much for too long. Though you don't want me now, I'll still love you. 'Til the breath in my body is gone. That's how it is with me and you'll always be. The only love I ever knew. I'll forget many things in my lifetime. But my darlin', I won't forget you. That's how it is with me and you'll always be. The only love I ever knew. I'll forget many things in my lifetime. But darlin', I won't forget youI love you because you understand, dear. Every single thing I try to do. You're always there to lend a helping hand, dear. I love you most of all because you're you. No matter what the world may say about me. I know your love will always see me through. I love you for the way you never doubt me. But most of all I love you 'cause you're you. I love you because my heart is lighter. Everytime I'm walking by your side. I love you because the future's brighter. The door to happiness you opened wide. No matter what the world may say about me. I know your love will always see me through. I love you for a hundred thousand reasons. But most of all I love you 'cause you're youTrailer for sale or rent, rooms to let, fifty cents.. No phone, no pool, no pets, I ain't got no cigarettes. Ah, but, two hours of pushin' broom. Buys an eight by twelve four-bit room. I'm a man of means by no means, king of the road.. Third boxcar, midnight train, destination, Bangor, Maine.. Old worn out clothes and shoes,. I don't pay no union dues,. I smoke old stogies I have found short, but not too big around. I'm a man of means by no means, king of the road.. I know every engineer on every train. All of their children, and all of their names. And every handout in every town. And every lock that ain't locked, when no one's around.. I sing, trailers for sale or rent, rooms to let, fifty cents. No phone, no pool, no pets, I ain't got no cigarettes. Ah, but, two hours of pushin' broom. Buys an eight by twelve four-bit room. I'm a man of means by no means, king of the road.Down in the boondocks. Down in the boondocks. People put me down 'cause. That's the side of town I was born in. I love her she loves me but I don't fit in her society. Lord have mercy on the boy from down in the boondocks. Ev'ry night I watch the lights from the house up on the hill. I love a little girl who lives up there and I guess I always will. But I don't dare knock on her door. 'Cause her daddy is my boss man. So I have to try to be content. Just to see her when ever I can. Down in the boondocks. Down in the boondocks. People put me down 'cause. That's the side of town I was born in. I love her she loves me but I don't fit in her society. Lord have mercy on the boy from down in the boondocks. Down in the boondocks. Down in the boondocks. One fine day I'll find the way to move from this old shack. I'll hold my head up like a king and I never never will look back. Until that morning I'll work and slave. And I'll save ev'ry dime. But tonight she'll have to steal away. To see me one more time. Down in the boondocks. Down in the boondocks. People put me down 'cause. That's the side of town I was born in. I love her she loves me but I don't fit in her society. Lord have mercy on the boy from down in the boondocks. Lord have mercy on the boy from down in the boondocks. Lord have mercy on the boy from down in the boondocksNAI hear the sound of distant drums. Far away, far away. And if they call for me to come. Then I must go and you must stay. So Mary marry me, let's not wait. Let's share all the time we can before it's too late. Love me now for now is all the time there may be. If you love me Mary, Mary marry me. I hear the sound of bugles blow. Far away, far away. And if they call, then I must go. Across the sea, so wild and gray. So Mary marry me, let's not wait. For the distant drums might change our wedding date. And love me now, for now is all the time there may be. If you love me Mary, Mary marry meI am a lineman for the county and I drive the main road. Searchin' in the sun for another overload. I hear you singin' in the wire, I can hear you through the whine. And the Wichita Lineman is still on the line. I know I need a small vacation but it don't look like rain. And if it snows that stretch down south won't ever stand the strain. And I need you more than want you, and I want you for all time. And the Wichita Lineman is still on the line. And I need you more than want you, and I want you for all time. And the Wichita Lineman is still on the lineSometimes it's hard to be a woman. Giving all your love to just one man. You have bad times, and you have good times. Doing things that you don't understand. But if you love him, you'll forgive him. Even though he's hard to understand. And if you love him, oh be proud of him. 'Cause after all, he's just a man. Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to. And something warm to come to. When nights are cold and lonely. Stand by your man. And show the world you love him. Keep giving all the love you can. Stand by your man. Stand by your man. And show the world you love him. Keep giving all the love you can. Stand by your manWell, my daddy left home when I was three. And he didn't leave much to ma and me. Just this old guitar and an empty bottle of booze. Now, I don't blame him 'cause he run and hid. But the meanest thing that he ever did. Was before he left, he went and named me Sue. Well, he must o' thought that is quite a joke. And it got a lot of laughs from a' lots of folk. It seems I had to fight my whole life through. Some gal would giggle and I'd get red. And some guy'd laugh and I'd bust his head. I tell ya, life ain't easy for a boy named Sue. Well, I grew up quick and I grew up mean. My fist got hard and my wits got keen. I'd roam from town to town to hide my shame. But I made me a vow to the moon and stars. That I'd search the honky tonks and bars. And kill that man who gave me that awful name. Well, it was Gatlinburg in mid July. And I just hit town and my throat was dry. I thought I'd stop and have myself a brew. At an old saloon on a street of mud. There at a table, dealing stud. Sat the dirty, mangy dog that named me Sue. Well, I knew that snake was my own sweet dad. From a worn out picture that my mother had. And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye. He was big and bent and gray and old. And I looked at him and my blood ran cold. And I said, "My name is Sue! How do you do?. Now you're gonna die". Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes. And he went down, but to my surprise. He come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear. But I busted a chair right across his teeth. And we crashed through the wall and into the street. Kicking and a' gouging in the mud and the blood and the beer. I tell ya, I've fought tougher men. But I really can't remember when. He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile. I heard him laugh and then I heard him curse. He went for his gun and I pulled mine first. He stood there lookin' at me and I saw him smile. And he said, "Son, this world is rough. And if a man's gonna make it, he's gotta be tough. And I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along. So I give you that name and I said goodbye. I knew you'd have to get tough or die. And it's the name that helped to make you strong". He said, "Now you just fought one hell of a fight. And I know you hate me, and you got the right. To kill me now, and I wouldn't blame you if you do. But you ought to thank me, before I die. For the gravel in ya guts and the spit in ya eye. 'Cause I'm the son-of-a-bitch that named you Sue. What could I do? Yeah what could I do?. I got all choked up and I threw down my gun. And I called him my pa, and he called me his son. And I came away with a different point of view. And I think about him, now and then. Every time I try and every time I win. And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him. Bill or George anything but Sue I still hate that nameYou've painted up your lips. And rolled and curled your tinted hair. Ruby are you contemplating. Going out somewhere. The shadow on the wall. Tells me the sun is going down. Oh Ruby. Don't take your love to town. It wasn't me. That started that crazy Asian war. But I was proud to go. And do my patriotic chore. And yes, it's true that. I'm not the man I used to be. Oh, Ruby I still need some company. . It's hard to love a man. Whose legs are bent and paralyzed. That my wants and needs of a woman of your age. Ruby, I realized. Oh Ruby. Don't take your love to town. She's leaving now cause. I just heard the slamming of the door. The way I know I've heard it. Some 100 times before. And if I could move I'd get my gun. And put her in the ground. Oh Ruby. Don't take your love to town. Oh Ruby for God's sake turn aroundGalveston, oh Galveston. I still hear your sea winds blowin'. Lord and I still see her dark eyes glowin'. She was 21, Lord when I left Galveston. Galveston, oh Galveston. I am so afraid of dyin'. Lord before I dry the tears she's crying. And before I watch your sea birds flyin' in the sun. At Galveston, Lord at GalvestonJesus loves the little children. All the children of the world. Pretty yellow, black and white. They are precious in his sight. Jesus loves the little children of the world. Everything is beautiful in it's own way. Like a starry summer night. On a snow covered winter's day. And everybody's beautiful in an own way. Under God's Heaven. The world's gonna find the way. There is none so blind. As He who will not see. We must not close up minds. We must let our thoughts be free. For every hour that passes by. You know the world gets a little bit older. It's time to realize that people lies. In the eyes of the beholder. And everything is beautiful in it's own way. Like a starry summer night. On a snow covered winter's day, sing it children. Everybody's beautiful in an own way. Under God's Heaven. The world's gonna find a way. We shouldn't care about the length of His hair. Of the color of His skin. Don't worry about what shows from without. But the love that lives within. And we're gonna get old again now. Everything is gonna work out fine. Just take a little time to the look on the good side my friend. And spittle in out in your mind. And everything is beautiful in it's own way. Like a starry summer night. On a snow covered winter's day, sing it children. Everybody's beautiful in an own way. Under God's Heaven. The world's gonna find a way, one more time. And everything is beautiful in it's own way. Like a starry summer night. On a snow covered winter's dayAlmost heaven, West Virginia. Blue Ridge mountains, Shenandoah river. Life is old there older than the trees. Younger than the mountains growin' like a breeze. Country roads, take me home. To the place I belong. West Virginia, mountain momma. Take me home, country roads. All my memories gathered 'round her. Miner's lady, stranger to blue water. Dark and dusty, painted on the sky. Misty taste of moonshine, teardrops in my eye. Country roads, take me home. To the place I belong. West Virginia, mountain momma. Take me home, country roads. I hear her voice in the mornin' hour she calls me. Radio reminds me of my home far away. Drivin' down the road I get a feelin'. That I should have been home yesterday, yesterday. Country roads, take me home. To the place I belong. West Virginia, mountain momma. Take me home, country roads. Country roads, take me home. To the place I belong. West Virginia, mountain momma. Take me home, country roads. Take me home, down country roads. Take me home, down country roadsTake the ribbon from my hair. Shake it loose and let it fall. Lay it soft upon my skin. Like the shadows on the wall.. Come and lay down by my side. Til the early mornin' light. All I'm takin' is your time. Help me make it through the night.. Chorus:. I don't care what's right or wrong. I won't try to understand. Let the devil take tomorrow. But tonight I need a friend.. Yesterday is dead and gone. And tomorrow's out of sight. And it's sad to be alone. Help me make it through the night.. (Repeat Chorus)NAThe love between the two of us was dying. And it got so bad I knew I had to leave. But halfway down that highway when I turned around I. saw. My little daughter running after me. Crying. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, slow down some 'cause you're makin' me run. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Now, it broke my heart to tell my little daughter. That her daddy had to run to catch a train. She had no way of knowin' I was leavin' home for good. I turned around and there she was again. As she said to me. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, slow down some 'cause you're makin' me run. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. If only for the sake of my sweet daughter. I just had to turn back home right there and then. And try to start a new life with the mother of my. child. I couldn't bear to hear those words again. She cried and said. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. (My daughter cried). Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, slow down some 'cause you're makin' me run. Daddy, don't you walk so fast. Daddy, slow down some 'cause you're makin' me run. Oh, daddy, don't you walk so fastGirl you're gettin' that look in your eyes. And it's startin' to worry me. I ain't ready for no family ties. Nobody's gonna hurry me. Just keep it friendly girl. Cuz I don't wanna leave. Don't start clingin' to me girl. Cuz I can't breathe. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Cuz I'll just use you then I'll set you free. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Girl you're a hot-blooded woman, child. And it's warm where you're touchin' me. But I can tell by your tremblin' smile. You're seein' way too much in me. Girl don't let your life. Get tangled up with mine. Cuz I'll just leave you. I can't take no clingin' vine. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Cuz I'll just use you then I'll set you free. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Cuz I'll just use you then I'll set you free. Baby baby don't get hooked on me. Baby baby don't get hooked on meMy baby makes me proud, Lord don't she make me proud. She never makes a scene by hanging all over me in a crowd. 'Cause people like to talk, Lord, don't they love to talk. But when they turn out the lights, I know she'll be leaving with me. And when we get behind closed doors. Then she lets her hair hang down. And she makes me glad that I'm a man. Oh, no one knows what goes on behind closed doors. My baby makes me smile, Lord don't she make me smile. She's never too far away or too tired to say "I want you". She's always a lady, just like a lady should be. But when they turn out the lights, she's still a baby to me. And when we get behind closed doors. Then she lets her hair hang down. And she makes me glad that I'm a man. Oh, no one knows what goes on behind closed doors. Behind closed doorsNAWhy me Lord? What have I ever done. To deserve even one of the pleasures I've known?. Tell me Lord, what did I ever do. That was worth loving You or the kindness You've shown?. . Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it. So help me, Jesus, I know what I am. But now that I know that I needed You. So help me, Jesus, my soul's in Your hands. . Try me Lord, if You think there's a way. I can try to repay all I've taken from You. Maybe Lord I can show someone else. What I've been through myself on my way back to You. . Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it. So help me, Jesus, I know what I am. But now that I know that I needed You. So help me, Jesus, my soul's in Your hands. . Lord help me, Jesus, I've wasted it. So help me, Jesus, I know what I am. But now that I know that I needed You. So help me, Jesus, my soul's in Your hands. Jesus, my soul's in Your handsHey, did you happen to see. The most beautiful girl in the world?. And if you did, was she crying, crying?. Hey, if you happen to see. The most beautiful girl that walked out on me. Tell her I'm sorry, tell her I need my baby. Oh, won't you tell her that I love her. I woke up this morning. Realized what I had done. I stood alone in the cold gray dawn. I knew I'd lost my morning sun. I lost my head and I said some things. Now comes the heartaches that the morning brings. I know I'm wrong and I couldn't see. I let my world slip away from me. So hey, did you happen to see. The most beautiful girl in the world?. And if you did, was she crying, crying?. Hey, if you happen to see. The most beautiful girl that walked out on me. Tell her I'm sorry, tell her I need my baby. Oh, won't you tell her that I love her. Hey, if you happen to see. The most beautiful girl that walked out on me. Tell her I'm sorry, tell her I need my baby. Oh, won't you tell her that I love herYou fill up my senses. Like a night in a forest. Like a mountain in springtime. Like a walk in the rain. Like a storm in the desert. Like a sleepy blue ocean. You fill up my senses. Come fill me again. Come let me love you. Let me give my life to you. Let me drown in your laughter. Let me die in your arms. Let lay down beside you. Let me always be with you. Come let me love you. Come love me again. Let me always be with you. Come let me love you. Come love me again. You fill up my senses. Like a night in a forest. Like a mountain in springtime. Like a walk in the rain. Like a storm in the desert. Like a sleepy blue ocean. You fill up my senses. Come fill me againHello, everyone, this is your action news reporter with all the news. That is news across the nation, on the scene at the supermarket. There. Seems to have been some disturbance here. Pardon me, sir, did you see. What happened?. Yeah, I did. I's standin' overe there by the tomaters, and here he. Come, running through the pole beans, through the fruits and vegetables. Nekkid as a jay bird. And I hollered over t' Ethel, I said, "Don't. Look, Ethel!" But it's too late, she'd already been incensed. Here he comes, look at that, look at that. There he goes, look at that, look at that. And he ain't wearin' no clothes. Oh, yes, they call him the Streak. Look at that, look at that. Fastest thing on two feet. Look at that, look at that. He's just as proud as he can be. Of his anatomy. He goin' give us a peek. Oh, yes, they call him the Streak. Look at that, look at that. He likes to show off his physique. Look at that, look at that. If there's an audience to be found. He'll be streakin' around. Invitin' public critique. This is your action news reporter once again, and we're here at the gas. Station. Pardon me, sir, did you see what happened?. Yeah, I did. I's just in here gettin my car checked, he just appeared. Out of the traffic. Come streakin' around the grease rack there, didn't. Have nothin' on but a smile. I looked in there, and Ethel was gettin'. Her a cold drink. I hollered, "Don't look, Ethel!" But it was too. Late. She'd already been mooned. Flashed her right there in front of. The shock absorbers. Here he comes, look at that, look at that. There he goes, look at that, look at that. And he ain't wearin' no clothes. He ain't crude, look atSunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry. Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always makes me high. If I had a day that I could give you. I'd give to you a day just like today. If I had a song that I could sing for you. I'd sing a song to make you feel this way. Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry. Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always makes me high. If I had a tale that I could tell you. I'd tell a tale, sure, to make you smile. If I had a wish that I could wish for you. I'd make a wish for sunshine all the while. Sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy. Sunshine in my eyes can make me cry. Sunshine on the water looks so lovely. Sunshine almost always makes me high. Sunshine almost all the time makes me high. Sunshine almost alwaysDolly Parton. Greatest Hits. Jolene. Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. I'm begging of you please don't take my man. Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. Please don't take him just because you can. Your beauty is beyond compare. With flaming locks of auburn hair. With ivory skin and eyes of emerald green. Your smile is like a breath of spring. Your voice is soft like summer rain. And i cannot compete with you, jolene. . He talks about you in his sleep. There's nothing i can do to keep. From crying when he calls your name, jolene. . And i can easily understand. How you could easily take my man. But you don't know what he means to me, jolene. . Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. I'm begging of you please don't take my man. Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. Please don't take him just because you can. . You could have your choice of men. But i could never love again. He's the only one for me, jolene. . I had to have this talk with you. My happiness depends on you. And whatever you decide to do, jolene. . Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. I'm begging of you please don't take my man. Jolene, jolene, jolene, jolene. Please don't take him even though you can. Jolene, joleneI've been walkin' these streets so long. Singin' the same old song. I know every crack in these dirty sidewalks of Broadway. Where hustle's the name of the game. And nice guys get washed away. Like the snow and the rain. There's been a load of compromisin'. On the road to my horizon. But I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin' on me. Like a rhinestone cowboy. Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo. Like a rhinestone cowboy. Getting cards and letters from people I don't even know. And offers comin' over the phone. Well, I really don't mind the rain. And a smile can hide all the pain. But you're down when you're ridin' the train that's takin' the long way. And I dream of the things I'll do. With a subway token. And a dollar tucked inside my shoe. There'll be a load of compromisin'. On the road to my horizon. But I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin' on me. Like a rhinestone cowboy. Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo. Rhinestone cowboy. Gettin' cards and letters from people I don't even know. And offers comin' over the phone. Like a rhinestone cowboy. Riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo. Like a rhinestone cowboy. Gettin' card and letters from people I don't even knowWell life on the farm is kinda laid back. Ain't much an old country boy like me can't hack. It's early to rise, early in the sack. Thank God I'm a country boy. Well a simple kinda life never did me no harm. A raisin' me a family and workin' on a farm. My days are all filled with an easy country charm. Thank God I'm a country boy. Well I got me a fine wife I got me old fiddle. When the sun's comin' up I got cakes on the griddle. Life ain't nothin' but a funny funny riddle. Thank God I'm a country boy. When the work's all done and the sun's settin' low. I pull out my fiddle and I rosin up the bow. The kids are asleep so I keep it kinda low. And thank God I'm a country boy. I'd play "Sally Goodin" all day if I could. But the Lord and my wife wouldn't take it very good. So I fiddle when I can, work when I should. And thank God I'm a country boy. Well I got me a fine wife I got me old fiddle. When the sun's comin' up I got cakes on the griddle. Life ain't nothin' but a funny funny riddle. Thank God I'm a country boy, whoo hoo!. (Music). Well I wouldn't trade my life for diamonds or jewels. I never was one of them money hungry fools. Rather have my fiddle and my farmin' tools. Thank God I'm a country boy. Yeah, city folk drivin' in a black limousine. A lotta sad people thinkin' that's a-mighty keen. Son, let me tell ya now exactly what I mean. Thank God I'm a country boy. Well I got me a fine wife I got me old fiddle. When the sun's comin' up I got cakes on the griddle. Life ain't nothin' but a funny funny riddle. Thank God I'm a country boy, yes sir!. (Music). Well, my fiddle was my daddy's till the day he died. And he took me by the hand, held me close to his side. Said, "Live a good life, play the fiddle with pride. and thank God you're a country boy". Well my daddy taught me young how to hunt and how to whittle. Taught me how to work and play a tune on the fiddle. Taught me how to love and how to give just a little--. And thank God I'm a country boy. Well I got me a fine wife I got me old fiddle. When the sun's comin' up I got cakes on the griddle. Life ain't nothin' but a funny funny riddle. Whoo! Thank God I'm a country boy, yeah!If he brings you happiness. Then i wish you all the best. It's your happiness that matters most of all. But if he ever breaks your heart. If the teardrops ever start. I'll be there before the next teardrop falls. Si te quire de verdad. Y te da felicidad. Te deseo lo mas bueno pa'los dos. Pero si te hace llorar. A mime puedes hablar. Y estare contigo cuando treste estas. I'll be there anytime. You need me by your side. To drive away every teardrop that you cried. And if he ever leaves you blue. Just remember, I love you. And I'll be there before the next teardrop falls. And I'll be there before the next teardrop fallsIt's cold here in the city. It always seems that way. And I've been thinking about you almost everyday. Thinking about the good times. Thinking about the rain. Thinking about how bad it feels alone again. I'm sorry for the way things are in china. I'm sorry things ain't what they used to be. But more than anything else. I'm sorry for myself. cause you're not here with me. Our friends ask all about you. I say you're doing fine. And I expect to hear from you almost anytime. But they all know I'm crying. I can't sleep at night. They all know I'm dying down deep inside. I'm sorry fror all the lies I told you. I'm sorry for the things I didn't say. But more than anything else. I'm sorry for myself. I can't believe you went away. I'm sorry if I took some things for granted. I'm sorry for the chains I put on you. But more than anything else. I'm sorry for myself. For living without youWasted days and wasted nights. I have left for you behind. For you don't belong to me. Your heart belongs to someone else. Why should I keep loving you. When I know that you're not true?. And why should I call your name. When you're the blame for making me blue?. Don't you remember the day. That you went away and left me?. I was so lonely, prayed for you only, my love. Why should I keep loving you. When I know that you're not true?. And why should I call your name. When you're the blame for making me blue?. Don't you remember the day. That you went away and left me?. I was so lonely, prayed for you only, my love. Why should I keep loving you. When I know that you're not true?. And why should I call your name. When you're the blame for making me blue?She comes down from yellow mountain. On a dark flat land she rides. On a pony she named Wildfire. With a whirlwind by her side. On a cold Nebraska night. They say she died one winter. When there came a killing frost. And the pony she named Wildfire. Busted down his stall. In a blizzard he was lost. Ran calling Wildfire. She ran calling Wildfire. Calling Wildfire. So, by the dark of the moon I planted. But there came an early snow. There's been an old hoot owl howling. Outside my window now, six nights in a row. She's coming for me I know. And on Wildfire we're both gonna go. We'll be riding Wildfire. We'll be riding Wildfire. We'll be riding Wildfire. On Wildfire we're going to ride her. We're gonna leave [inaudible] busting behind. Get the hard times right on out of our mind. Riding WildfireLady when you're with me I'm smiling. Give me all your love. Your hands build me up when I'm sinking. Touch me and my troubles all fade. Lady from the moment I saw you standing all alone. You gave all the love that I needed. So shy like a child who had grown. You're my. Lady of the morning. Love shines in your eyes. Sparkling, clear and lovely. You're my lady. Lady turn me on when I'm lonely. show me all your charms. Evenings when you lay down beside me. Just take me gently into your arms. You're my.. Lady of the morning. Love shines in your eyes. Sparkling, clear and lovely. You're my lady. Lady of the morning. Love shines in your eyes. Sparkling, clear and lovely. You're my ladyTo sail on a dream. On a crystal clear ocean. To ride on the crest. Of a wild raging storm. To work in the service. Of life and the living. In search of the answers. To questions unknown. To be part of the movement. Part of the growing. Part of beginning. To understand. Aye Calypso, the places you've been to. The things that you've shown us, the stories you tell. Aye Calypso, I sing to your spirit. The men who have served you so long and so well. Hi dee ay-ee ooo doo-dle oh. Oo do do do do do doo-dle ay yee. Doo-dle ay ee. Hi dee ay-ee ooo doo-dle oh. Oo do do do do do doo-dle ay yee. Doo-dle ay ee. Like the dolphin who guides you. You bring us beside you. To light up the darkness. And show us the way. For though we are strangers. In your silent world. To live on the land. We must learn from the sea. To be true as the tide. Free as a wind swell. Joyful and loving. In letting it be. Aye Calypso, the places you've been to. The things that you've shown us, the stories you tell. Aye Calypso, I sing to your spirit. The men who have served you so long and so well. Aye Calypso, the places you've been to. The things that you've shown us, the stories you tell. Aye Calypso, I sing to your spirit. The men who have served you so long and so well. Hi dee ay-ee ooo doo-dle oh. Oo do do do do do doo-dle ay yee. Doo-dle ay ee. Hi dee ay-ee ooo doo-dle oh. Oo do do do do do doo-dle ay yee. Doo-dle ay ee. Hi dee ay-ee ooo doo-dle oh. Oo do do do do do doo-dle ay yee. Doo-dle ay ee. He dee ay-ee. Hi dee oh ooo. Hi dee ayee. Hi dee oh oooThere's a reason for the sun shiny sky. And there's a reason why I'm feelin' so high. Must be the season. When that love light shines all around us. So let that feelin' grab you deep inside. And send you reelin' where your love can't hide. And then go stealin'. Through the summer nights with your lover. Just let your love flow like a mountain stream. And let your love grow with the smallest of dreams. And let your love show. And you'll know what I mean, it's the season. Let your love fly like a bird on the wing. And let your love bind you to all living things. And let your love shine. And you'll know what I mean, that's the reason. There's a reason for the warm sweet nights. And there's a reason for the candle lights. Must be the season. When those love rites shine all around us. So let the wonder take you into space. And lay you under its loving embrace. Just feel the thunder as it warms your face. You can't hold back. Just let your love flow like a mountain stream. And let your love grow. With the smallest of dreams and let your love show. And you'll know what I mean, it's the season. Let your love fly like a bird on the wing. And let your love bind you to all living things. And let your love shine. And you'll know what I mean, that's the reason. Just let your love flow like a mountain stream. And let your love grow with the smallest of dreams. And let your love show. And you'll know what I mean, it's the season. Let your love fly like a bird on the wing. And let your love bind you to all living things. And let your love shine. And you'll know what I mean, that's the reasonIn a bar in Toledo across from the depot. On a barstool she took off her ring. I thought I'd get closer. So I walked on over. I sat down and asked her name. When the drink finally hit her. She said I'm no quitter. But I finally quit living on dreams. I'm hungry for laughter. And here ever after. I'm after whatever. The other life brings. In the mirror I saw him. And I closely watch him. I thought how he looked out of place. He came to the woman. Who sat their beside me. He had a strange look on his face. The big hands were calloused. He looked like a mountain. For a minute I thought I was dead. But he started shakin'. His big heart was breakin'. He turned to the woman and said. "You picked the fine time to leave me Lucille. Four hungry children and a crop in the field. I've had some bad times. Lived thru' some sad times. But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked the fine time to leave me Lucille". After he left us, I ordered more whiskey. I thought how she made him look small. From the lights of the bar room to a rented hotel room. We walked without talking at all. She was a beauty, but when she came to me. She must have thought I lost my mind. I couldn't hold her, 'coz the words that he told her. Kept coming back time after time. You picked the fine time to leave me Lucille. Four hungry children and a crop in the field. I've had some bad times. Lived thru' some sad times. But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked the fine time to leave me Lucille. You picked the fine time to leave me Lucille. Four hungry children and a crop in the field. I've had some bad times. Lived thru' some sad times. But this time your hurtin' won't heal. You picked the fine time to leave me LucilleI don't know when I've been so blue. Don't know what's come over you. You've found someone new. And don't it make my brown eyes blue. I'll be fine when you're gone. I'll just cry all night long. Say it isn't true. And don't it make my brown eyes blue. Tell me no secrets, tell me some lies. Give me no reasons, give me alibis. Tell me you love me and don't let me cry. Say anything but don't say goodbye. I didn't mean to treat you bad. Didn't know just what I had. But honey now I do. And don't it make my brown eyes. Don't it make my brown eyes. Don't it make my brown eyes blue. Tell me no secrets, tell me some lies. Give me no reasons, give me alibis. Tell me you love me and don't let me cry. Say anything but don't say goodbye. I didn't mean to treat you bad. Didn't know just what I had. But honey now I do. And don't it make my brown eyes. Don't it make my brown eyes. Don't it make my brown eyes blueSouthern nights have you ever felt a. Southern night free as a breeze. Not to mention the trees. Whistling tunes that you know and love so. Southern nights just as good even when. Closed your eyes, I apologize. To any one who can truly say. He has found a better way. Feel so good, feel so good, it's frightening. Wish I could stop this world from fighting. La da da da da da, la da da da da da. Da da da da da da da da da da da. Mysteries like this and many others. In the trees blow in the night. In the southern skies. Southern skies have you ever noticed. Southern skies it's precious beauty. Lies just beyond the eye. It goes running through your soul like the stories of old. Old man he and his dog they walk the old land. Every flower touched his cold hand. As he slowly walked by. Weeping willows would cry for joyWhen I get home, babe. Gonna light your fire. All day, I've been thinkin' about you, babe. You're my one desire. Gonna wrap my arms around you. Hold you close to me. Oh, babe, I wanna taste your lips. I wanna fill your fantasy, yeah. I don't what I'd do without you, babe. Don't know where I'd be. You're not just another lover. No, you're everything to me. Everytime I'm with you, baby. I can't believe it's true. When you're layin' in my arms. And you do the things you do. You can see it in my eyes. I can feel it in your touch. You don't have to say a thing. Just let me show how much. I Love you, need you, yeah. I wanna kiss you all over. And over again. I wanna kiss you all over. Till the night closes in. Till the night closes in. Stay with me, lay with me. Holding me, loving me, baby. Here with me, near with me. Feeling you close to me, baby. So show me, show me ev'rything you do. 'Cause baby, no one does it quite like you. Love you, need you, oh babe. I wanna kiss you all over. And over again. I wanna kiss you all over. Till the night closes in. Till the night closes in. Till the night closes in. Till the night closes in. Till the night closes inHere you come again. Just when I've begun to get myself together. You waltz right in the door. Just like you've done before. And wrap my heart 'round your little finger. Here you come again. Just when I'm about to make it work without you. You look into my eyes. And lie those pretty lies. And pretty soon I'm wonderin', how I came to doubt you. All you have to do is smile that smile. And there go all my defenses. Just leave it up to you and in a little while. You're messin' up my mind. And fillin' up my senses. Here you come again. Lookin' better than a body has a right to. And shakin' me up so that all I really know. Is here you come again. And here I go. All you have to do is smile that smile. And there go all my defenses. Just leave it up to you and in a little while. You're messin' up my mind. And fillin' up my senses. Here you come again. Lookin' better than a body has a right to. And shakin' me up so that all I really know. Is here you come again. And here I go. Here I go. And here I go. And here I go. Here you come again. And here I go. Here I go. And here I goThe Devil went down to Georgia. He was lookin' for a soul to steal.. He was in a bind 'cause he was way behind. He was willing to make a deal. When he came across this young man sawin' on a fiddle and playin' it hot.. And the Devil jumped upon a hickory stump and said "Boy, let me tell you what.". "I bet you didn't know it, but I'm a fiddle player, too.. And if you'd care to take a dare I'll make a bet with you.. Now you play a pretty good fiddle, boy, but give the Devil his due.. I'll bet a fiddle of gold against your soul 'cause I think I'm better than you.". The boy said, "My name's Johnny, and it might be a sin,. But I'll take your bet; and you're gonna regret 'cause I'm the best there's ever been.". Johnny, rosin up your bow and play your fiddle hard.. 'Cause Hell's broke loose in Georgia and the Devil deals the cards.. And if you win you get this shiny fiddle made of gold,. But if you lose the devil gets your soul.. The Devil opened up his case and he said, "I'll start this show.". And fire flew from his fingertips as he rosined up his bow.. And he pulled the bow across the strings and it made an evil hiss.. And a band of demons joined in and it sounded something like this.. When the Devil finished, Johnny said, "Well, you're pretty good ol' son,. But sit down in that chair right there and let me show you how it's done.". "Fire on the Mountain." Run, boys, run!. The Devil's in the house of the rising sun;. Chicken's in the bread pan picking out dough.. Granny, does your dog bite? No, child, no.. The Devil bowed his head because he knew that he'd been beat.. And he laid that golden fiddle on the ground at Johnny's feet.. Johnny said, "Devil, just come on back if you ever wanna try again,. 'Cause I've told you once--you son of a bitch--I'm the best there's ever been.". And he played:. "Fire on the Mountain." Run, boys, run!. The Devil's in the house of the rising sun;. Chicken's in the bread pan picking out dough.. Granny, does your dog bite? No, child, no.While she lays sleeping. I stay out late at night and play my songs. And sometimes, all the nights can be so long. And it's good when I finally make it home. All alone. While she lays dreaming. I try to get undressed without the light. And quietly she says, "How was your night?". And I come to her and say, "It was all right". And I hold her tight. And she believes in me. I'll never know just what she sees in me. I told her someday, if she was my girl. I could change the world with my little songs. I was wrong. But she has faith in me. And so I go on trying faithfully. And who knows maybe, on some special night. If my song is right, I will find a way. Find a way. While she lays waiting. I stumble to the kitchen for a bite. Then I see my old guitar in the night. Just waiting for me like a secret friend. And there's no end. While she lays crying. I fumble with a melody or two. And I'm torn between the things that I should do. And she says to wake her up when I am through. God, her love is true. And she believes in me. I'll never know just what she sees in me. I told her someday, if she was my girl. I could change the world with my little songs. I was wrong. But she has faith in me. And so I go on trying faithfully. And who knows maybe, on some special night. If my song is right, I will find a way. While she waits, while she waits for meDreamin', I must be dreamin'. Or am I really lyin' here with you?. Baby, you take me in your arms. And though I'm wide awake, I know my dream is comin' true. . And oh, I just fall in love again. Just one touch and then it happens every time. There I go by, just fall in love again and when I do. I can't help myself, I fall in love with you. . Magic, it must be magic. The way I hold you when the night just seems to fly. Easy for you to take me to a star. Heaven is that moment when I look into your eyes. . And oh, I just fall in love again. Just one touch and then it happens every time. There I go by, just fall in love again and when I do. I can't help myself, I fall in love with you. . Can't help myself, I fall in love with youLady, I'm your knight in shining armor and I love you. You have made me what I am and I am yours. My love, there's so many ways I want to say I love you. Let me hold you in my arms forever more. You have gone and made me such a fool. I'm so lost in your love. And oh, we belong together. Won't you believe in my song?. Lady, for so many years I thought I'd never find you. You have come into my life and made me whole. Forever let me wake to see you each and every morning. Let me hear you whisper softly in my ear. In my eyes I see no one else but you. There's no other love like our love. And yes, oh yes, I'll always want you near me. I've waited for you for so long. Lady, your love's the only love I need. And beside me is where I want you to be. 'Cause, my love, there's somethin' I want you to know. You're the love of my life, you're my ladyTumble outta bed and I stumble to the kitchen. Pour myself a cup of ambition. And yawnin', stretchin', try to come to life. Jump in the shower and the blood starts pumpin'. Out on the streets, the traffic starts jumpin'. With folks like me on the job from 9 to 5. Workin' 9 to 5, what a way to make a livin'. Barely gettin' by, it's all takin' and no givin'. They just use your mind and they never give you credit. It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it. 9 to 5, for service and devotion. You would think that I would deserve a fair promotion. Want to move ahead but the boss won't seem to let me. I swear sometimes that man is out to get me. They let your dream, just watch 'em shatter. You're just a step on the boss man's ladder. But you got dreams he'll never take away. In the same boat with a lot of your friends. Waitin' for the day your ship 'll come in. And the tide's gonna turn an' it's all gonna roll you away. Workin' 9 to 5 what a way to make a livin'. Barely gettin' by, it's all takin' and no givin'. They just use your mind and you never get the credit. It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it. 9 to 5, yeah, they got you where they want you. There's a better life and you think about it, don't you?. It's a rich man's game, no matter what they call it. And you spend your life putting money in his wallet. Workin' 9 to 5, oh what a way to make a livin'. Barely gettin' by, it's all takin' and no givin'. They just use you mind and they never give you credit. It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it. 9 to 5, yeah, they got you where they want you. There's a better life and you think about it, don't you?. It's a rich man's game, no matter what they call it. And you spend your life putting money in his walletWell, I love a rainy night. I love a rainy night. I love to hear the thunder. Watch the lightning. When it lights up the sky. You know it makes me feel good. Well, I love a rainy night. It's such a beautiful sight. I love to feel the rain on my face. Taste the rain on my lips. In the moonlight shadow. Showers washed all my cares away. I wake up to a sunny day. 'Cause I love a rainy night. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Well, I love a rainy night. Well, I love a rainy night. Ooh ooh. I love a rainy night. I love a rainy night. I love to hear the thunder. Watch the lightning. When it lights up the sky. You know it makes me feel good. Well, I love a rainy night. It's such a beautiful sight. I love to feel the rain on my face. To taste the rain on my lips. In the moonlight shadows. Puts a song in this heart of mine. Puts a smile on my face every time. 'Cause I love a rainy night. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Ooh, I love a rainy night. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Ooh ooh. Showers washed all my cares away. I wake up to a sunny day. 'Cause I love a rainy night. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Well, I love a rainy night. I love a rainy night. Well, I love a rainy night. You can see it in my eyes. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Well, it makes me high. Ooh, I love a rainy night. You know I do, yeah, yeah. I love a rainy night. I love a rainy night. You can see it in my eyes. I love a rainy night. Makes me high. Well, I love a rainy night. And I love you too. Well, I love a rainy night. Yeah, I love a rainy night. Well, I love a rainy night. I love a rainy nightMaybe i didn't love you. Quite as often as i could have. Maybe i didn't treat you. Quite as good as i should have. If i made you feel, oh, second best,. Girl, i'm sorry i was blind.. You were always on my mind,. You were always on my mind.. .... Maybe i didn't hold you. All those lonely, lonely times.. I guess i never told you. I'm so happy that you're mine.. Little things i should have said and done,. .... I just never took the time.. .... You were always on my mind,. You were always on my mind.. Tell me,. Tell me that your sweet love hasn't died. Give me,. Give me one more chance to keep you satisfied,. Keep you satisfied. .... Little things i should have said and done,. I just never took the time.. You were always on my mind,. You were always on my mind.. You were always on my mind,. You were always on my mind.. ...Baby when I met you there was peace unknown. I set out to get you with a fine tooth comb. I was soft inside there was something going on. . You do something to me that I can't explain. Hold me closer and I feel no pain every beat of my heart. We got something going on. Tender love is blind it requires a dedication. All this love we feel needs no conversation. We ride it together, uh huh. Makin' love with each other, uh huh. Islands in the stream that is what we are. No one in between how can we be wrong?. Sail away with me to another world. And we rely on each other, uh huh. From one lover to another, uh huh. I can't live without you if the love is gone. Everything is nothing if you got no one. And you did walk in the night. Slowly losin' sight of the real thing. But that won't happen to us and we got no doubt. Too deep in love and we got no way out. And the message is clear this could be the year for the real thing. No more will you cry, baby I will hurt you never. We start and end as one in love forever. We can ride it together, uh huh. Makin' love with each other, uh huh. Islands in the stream that is what we are. No one in between how can we be wrong?. Sail away with me to another world. And we rely on each other, uh huh. From one lover to another, uh huh. Islands in the stream that is what we are. No one in between how can we be wrong?. Sail away with me to another world. And we rely on each other, uh huh. From one lover to another, uh huh. Islands in the stream that is what we are. No one in between how can we be wrong?. Sail away with me to another world. And we rely on each other, uh huh. From one lover to another, uh huh. Islands in the stream that is what we areBaby you'll find*. There's only one love. Yours and mine. I've got so much love. And needing you so. My love for you. I'll never let go. I've got so much love. All I want is to hold you. Let me show how much I love you baby (show you). I don't mind and I don't mind (loving you). Girl I love you. There's no one above you. [Chorus:]. You are the sun. You are the rain. That makes my life this foolish game. You need to know. I love you so. And I'd do it all again and again. Tell me it's true. I can't believe you do what you do. I've got so much love. And my love you'll see. We'll stay together, just you and me. I've got so much love. Only you (know me). Tell me how to love you baby (show me). I don't mind and I don't mind (tell me). Girl, I love you. Always thinking of you. [Repeat Chorus:]. I know you know the way I feel. And I need your love for always. Cause when I'm with you. I fall in love. Again and again and again, baby.. [Repeat Chorus:]Stuck on you. I've got this feeling down. Deep in my soul. That I just can't lose. Guess, I'm on my way. Needed a friend. And the way I feel now I guess. I'll be with you till the end. Guess I'm on my way. Mighty glad you stayed. . I'm stuck on you. Been a fool too long I guess. It's time for me to come on home. Guess I'm on my way. So hard to see. That a woman like you could wait. Around for a man like me. Guess I'm on my way. Mighty glad you stayed. Oh, I'm leaving on that midnight train tomorrow. And I know just where I'm going. I've packed up my troubles. And I've thrown them all away. Because this time little darlin'. I'm coming home to stay. . I'm stuck on you. I've got this feeling down. Deep in my soul. That I just can't lose. Guess, I'm on my way. Needed a friend. And the way I feel now I guess. I'll be with you till the end. Guess I'm on my way. I'm mighty glad you stayedPet Shop Boys, The. Miscellaneous. Always On My Mind. ENGL. Always On My Mind - CP000027. Performed by The Pet Shop Boys. Arranged by Alan Lok - (C)1993-96 Clubhouse Productions. All rights reserved. may be used for non-commercial purposes only!. Maybe I didn't treat you . quite as good as I should . Maybe I didn't love you. quite as often as I could. Little things I should've said and done, . I never took the time. You were always on my mind. You were always on my mind.. Maybe I didn't hold you. all those lonely, lonely times. And I guess I never told you,. I'm so happy that you're mine. If I made you feel second best,. I'm so sorry, I was blind. You were always on my mind. You were always on my mind.. Tell me, tell me that your sweet love hasn't died. Give me one more chance to keep you satisfied. Keep you Satisfied . Little things I should have said and done,. I just never took the time. . You were always on my mind,. you were always on my mind.. You were always on my mind.You can tell the world you never was my girl. You can burn my clothes up when I'm gone. Or you can tell your friends just what a fool I've been. And laugh and joke about me on the phone.. You can tell my arms go back to the farm. You can tell my feet to hit the floor. Or you can tell my lips to tell my fingertips. They won't be reaching out for you no more. But don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. I just don't think he'd understand. And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. He might blow up and kill this man. Oooh. You can tell your ma I moved to Arkansas. Or you can tell your dog to bite my leg. Or tell your brother Cliff who's fist can tell my lips. He never really liked me anyway. Or tell your Aunt Louise, tell anything you please. Myself already knows I'm not okay. Or you can tell my eyes to watch out for my mind. It might be walking out on me today. But don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. I just don't think he'd understand. And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. He might blow up and kill this man. Oooh. But don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. I just don't think he'd understand. And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. He might blow up and kill this man. Don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. I just don't think he'd understand. And if you tell my heart, my achy breaky heart. He might blow up and kill this man. OoohRainy night, I'm all alone. Sittin' here waitin' for your voice on the phone. Fever turns to cold, cold sweat. Thinkin' about the things we ain't done yet. Tell me now, I've got to know do you feel the same?. Do you just light up at the mention of my name?. Don't worry, baby, ain't nothin' new. That's just love sneakin' up on you. If your whole world's shakin', baby, feel like I do. That's just love sneakin' up on you. Nowhere on earth for your heart to hide. Once love comes sneakin' up on your blindside. And might as well try to stop the rain. Stand in the tracks of a runaway train. Just can't fight it when a thing is meant to be. Come on let's finish what you started with me. Don't worry, baby, ain't nothin' new. That's just love sneakin' up on you. If your whole world's shakin', baby, feel like I do. That's just love sneakin' up on you. Don't worry, baby, ain't nothin' new. That's just love sneakin' up on you. Whole world's shakin', feel like I do. That's just love sneakin' up on you. ...Breathe with me.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psychosomatic addict insane.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psycho, -somatic addict insane.. Come play my game.. Inhale, inhale you're the victim.. Come play my game.. Exhale, exhale, exhale.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psychosomatic addict insane.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psycho,-somatic addict, insane.. Come play my game.. Inhale, inhale, you're the victim.. Come play my game.. Exhale, exhale, exhale.. Come breathe with me.. Breathe with me.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psychosomatic addict, insane.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psycho,-somatic addict, insane.. Come play my game.. Inhale, inhale, you're the victim.. Come play my game.. Exhale, exhale, exhale.. Breathe with me.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psychosomatic addict, insane.. Breathe the pressure. Come play my game I'll test ya.. Psycho,-somatic addict, insane.. Come play my game.. Inhale, inhale, you're the victim.. Come play my game.. Exhale, exhale, exhaleHow do I get through one night without you?. If I had to live without you. What kind of life would that be?. Oh, I, I need you in my arms, need you to hold. You're my world, my heart, my soul and if you ever leave. Baby you would take away everything good in my life. And tell me now. How do I live without you? I want to know. How do I breathe without you if you ever go?. How do I ever, ever survive?. How do I, how do I, oh, how do I live?. Without you there'd be no sun in my sky. There would be no love in my life. There'd be no world left for me. And I, baby, I don't know what I would do. I'd be lost if I lost you, if you ever leave. Baby, you would take away everything real in my life. And tell me now. How do I live without you? I want to know. How do I breathe without you if you ever go?. How do I ever, ever survive?. How do I, how do I, oh, how do I live?. Please, tell me, baby. How do I go on if you ever leave?. Baby, you would take away everything, I need you with me. Baby, don't you know that you're everything good in my life?. And tell me now. How do I live without you? I want to know. How do I breathe without you if you ever go. How do I ever, ever survive?. How do I, how do I, oh, how do I live?. How do I live without you?. How do I live without you, baby?. How do I live?Looks like we made it. Look how far we've come my baby. We mighta took the long way. We knew we'd get there someday. They said, "I bet they'll never make it". But just look at us holding on. We're still together still going strong. (You're still the one). You're still the one I run to. The one that I belong to. You're still the one I want for life. (You're still the one). You're still the one that I love. The only one I dream of. You're still the one I kiss good night. Ain't nothin' better. We beat the odds together. I'm glad we didn't listen. Look at what we would be missin'. They said, "I bet they'll never make it". But just look at us holding on. We're still together still going strong. (You're still the one). You're still the one I run to. The one that I belong to. You're still the one I want for life. (You're still the one). You're still the one that I love. The only one I dream of. You're still the one I kiss good night. (You're still the one). You're still the one I run to. The one that I belong to. You're still the one I want for life. (You're still the one). You're still the one that I love. The only one I dream of. You're still the one I kiss good nightI don't want another heartbreak. I don't need another turn to cry, no. I don't want to learn the hard way. Baby, hello, oh, no, goodbye. But you got me like a rocket. Shooting straight across the sky. It's the way you love me. It's a feeling like this. It's centrifugal motion. It's perpetual bliss. It's that pivotal moment. It's, ah, impossible. This kiss, this kiss (unstoppable). This kiss, this kiss. Cinderella said to Snow White. How does love get so off course, oh. All I wanted was a white knight. With a good heart, soft touch, fast horse. Ride me off into the sunset. Baby, I'm forever yours. It's the way you love me. It's a feeling like this. It's centrifugal motion. It's perpetual bliss. It's that pivotal moment. It's, ah, unthinkable. This kiss, this kiss (unsinkable). This kiss, this kiss. You can kiss me in the moonlight. On the rooftop under the sky, or. You can kiss me with the windows open. While the rain comes pouring inside. Kiss me in sweet slow motion. Let's let every thing slide. You got me floating, you got me flying. It's the way you love me. It's a feeling like this. It's centrifugal motion. It's perpetual bliss. It's that pivotal moment. It's, ah, subliminal. This kiss, this kiss (it's criminal). This kiss, this kiss. It's the way you love me baby. It's the way you love me darling, yeah. It's the way you love me. It's a feeling like this. It's centrifugal motion. It's perpetual bliss. It's that pivotal moment. It's, ah, subliminal. This kiss, this kiss (it's criminal). This kiss, this kiss. It's the way you love me baby. It's the way you love me darling, yeah. It's the way you love me. It's a feeling like thisI do swear that I'll aways be there. I'd give anything and everything and I will always care. Through weakness and strength, happiness and sorrow. For better, for worse, I will love you with every beat of my heart. From this moment life has begun. From this moment you are the one. Right beside you is where I belong. From this moment on. From this moment I have been blessed. I live only for your happiness. And for your love I'd give my last breath. From this moment on. I give my hand to you with all my heart. I can't wait to live my life with you, I can't wait to start. You and I will never be apart. My dreams came true because of you. From this moment as long as I live. I will love you, I promise you this. There is nothing I wouldn't give. From this moment on. You're the reason I believe in love. And you're the answer to my prayers from up above. All we need is just the two of us. My dreams came true because of you. From this moment as long as I live. I will love you, I promise you this. There is nothing I wouldn't give. From this moment I will love you as long as I live. From this moment onI've known a few guys who thought they were pretty smart. But you've got being right down to an art. You think you're a genius. you drive me up the wall. You're a regular original know-it-all. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're special. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else. Okay, so you're a rocket scientist. That don't impress me much. So you got the brains, but have you got the touch. Don't get me wrong, I think you're alright. But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night. That don't impress me much. I never knew a guy who carried a mirror in his pocket. And a comb up his sleeve - just in case. And all that extra hold gel in your hair oughtta lock it. Cause Heaven forbid it should fall out of place. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're special. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else. Okay, so you're Brad Pitt. That don't impress me much. So you got the looks, but have you got the touch. Don't get me wrong, yeah, I think you're alright. But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night. That don't impress me much. You're one of those guys that likes to shine his machine. You make me take off my shoes before you let me get in. I can't believe you kiss your car good night. C'mon, baby, tell me - you must be joking right!. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're special. Oh-oo-oh, you think you're something else. Okay, so you've got a car. That don't impress me much. So you got the moves, but have you got the touch. Don't get me wrong, yeah, I think you're alright. But that won't keep me warm in the middle of the night. That don't impress me much. You think you're cool but have you got the touch. Don't get me wrong, yeah, I think you're alright. But that won't keep me warm on the long, cold, lonely night. That don't impress me much. Okay, so what do you think, you're Elvis or something?. Whatever. That don't impress me. That don't impress meLet's go girls, c'mon. I'm goin' out tonight, I'm feelin' alright. Gonna let it all hang out. Wanna make some noise, really raise my voice. Yeah, I wanna scream and shout. No inhibitions, make no conditions. Get a little outta line. I ain't gonna act politically correct. I only wanna have a good time. The best thing about bein' a woman. Is the prerogative to have a little fun and. Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady. Men's shirts, short skirts. Oh, oh, oh, really go wild-yeah, doin' it in style. Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction. Color my hair, do what I dare. Oh, oh, oh, I wanna be free-yeah, feel the way I feel. Man, I feel like a woman. The girls need a break tonight we're gonna take. The chance to get out on the town. We don't need romance, we only wanna dance. We're gonna let our hair hang down. The best thing about bein' a woman. Is the prerogative to have a little fun and. Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady. Men's shirts, short skirts. Oh, oh, oh, really go wild-yeah, doin' it in style. Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction. Color my hair, do what I dare. Oh, oh, oh, I wanna be free-yeah, to feel the way I feel. Man, I feel like a woman. Uh, Oh. Oh, Yeah. The best thing about bein' a woman. Is the prerogative to have a little fun (fun) fun. Oh, oh, oh, go totally crazy, forget I'm a lady. Men's shirts, short skirts. Oh, oh, oh, really go wild-yeah, doin' it in style. Oh, oh, oh, get in the action, feel the attraction. Color my hair, do what I dare. Oh, oh, oh, I wanna be free-yeah, to feel the way I feel. Man, I feel like a woman. Oh, Oh. Oh yeah. I get totally crazy. Can you feel it?. Come, come, come on baby. I feel like a womanI can feel the magic floating in the air. Being with you get's me that way. I watch the sunlight dance across your face. And I've never been this swept away. All my thoughts just seem to settle on the breeze. When I'm lying wrapped up in your arms. The whole world just fades away. The only thing I hear. Is the beating of your heart. 'Cause I can feel you breathe. It's washing over me. And suddenly I'm melting into you. There's nothing left to prove. Baby, all we need is just to be. Caught up in the touch. Slow and steady rush. Baby, isn't that the way that love's suppose to be. I can feel you breathe, just breathe. In a way I know my heart is waking up. As all the walls come tumbling down. Closer than I've ever felt before. And I know, and you know. There's no need for words right now. I can feel you breathe. Washing over me. And suddenly I'm melting into you. There's nothing left to prove. Baby, all we need is just to be. Caught up in the touch. Slow and steady rush. Baby, isn't that the way that love's suppose to be. I can feel you breathe, just breathe. Caught up in the touch. Slow and steady rush. Baby, isn't that the way that love's suppose to be. I can feel you breathe, just breathe. I can feel the magic floating in the air. Being with you gets me that wayEvery time our eyes meet. This feeling inside me. Is almost more than I can take. Baby, when you touch me. I can feel how much you love me. And it just blows me away. I've never been this close to anyone or anything. I can hear your thoughts, I can see your dreams. I don't know how you do what you do. I'm so in love with you. It just keeps getting better. I wanna spend the rest of my life. With you by my side. Forever and ever. Every little thing that you do. Baby, I'm amazed by you. The smell of your skin. The taste of your kiss. The way you whisper in the dark. Your hair all around me. Baby, you surround me. You touch every place in my heart. Oh, it feels like the first time every time. I wanna spend the whole night in your eyes. I don't know how you do what you do. I'm so in love with you. It just keeps getting better. I wanna spend the rest of my life. With you by my side. Forever and ever. Every little thing that you do. Baby, I'm amazed by you. Every little thing that you do. I'm so in love with you. It just keeps getting better. I wanna spend the rest of my life. With you by my side. Forever and ever. Every little thing that you do. Oh, every little thing that you do. Baby, I'm amazed by youYou don't know how you met me. You don't know why. You can't turn around and say goodbye. All you know is when I'm with you. I make you free. And swim through your veins like a piss in the sea. I'm singin'. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like me. I'm not worried bout the ring you wear. 'Cause as long as no one knows than nobody can care. You're feelin' guilty and I'm well aware. But you don't look ashamed and baby I'm not scared. I'm singin'. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like me. Won't give you money. I can't give you the sky. Your better off if you don't ask why. I'm not the reason that you go astray and. We'll be all right if you don't ask me stay. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like me. You don't know how you met me. You don't know why. You can't turn around and say goodbye. All you know is when I'm with you. I make you free. And swim through your veins like a piss in the sea. I'm singin'. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like me. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like me. Follow me everything is alright. I'll be the one to tuck you in at night. And if you. Want to leave I can guarantee. You won't find nobody else like meWhen I think back on these times. And the dreams we left behind. I'll be glad 'cause i was blessed to get. To have you in my life. When I look back on these days. I'll look and see your face. You were right there for me. In my dreams i'll always see you soar. Above the sky. In my heart. There will always be a place for you for all my life. I'll keep a part of you with me. And everywhere I am. There you'll be. And everywhere I am. There you'll be. Well you showed me how it feels. To feel the sky within my reach. And I always will remember all. The strength you gave to me. Your love made me make it through. Oh, I owe so much to you. You were right there for me. In my dreams i'll always see you soar. Above the sky. In my heart. There will always be a place For you for all my life. I'll keep a part Of you with me. And everywhere I am. There you'll be. Cause I always saw in you My light, my strength. And I want to thank you Now for all the ways. You were right there for me. You were right there for me. For always. In my dreams I'll always see you soar. Above the sky. In my heart. There will always be a place For you for all my life. I'll keep a part Of you with me. And everywhere I am. There you'll be. And everywhere I am. There you'll be. There you'll beI hope you never lose your sense of wonder. You get your fill to eat but always keep that hunger. May you never take one single breath for granted. God forbid love ever leave you empty-handed. I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens. Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance. And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance. I hope you dance. I hope you dance. I hope you never fear those mountains in the distance. Never settle for the path of least resistance. Living might mean taking chances but they're worth taking. Lovin' might be a mistake but it's worth making. Don't let some hell-bent heart leave you bitter. When you come close to selling out reconsider. Give the heavens above more than just a passing glance. And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance. I hope you dance. (Time is a wheel in constant motion always). I hope you dance. (Rolling us along). I hope you dance. (Tell me who wants to look back on their years and wonder). I hope you dance. (Where those years have gone). I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens. Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting chance. And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance. Dance. I hope you dance. (Dance). I hope you dance. (Time is a wheel in constant motion always). I hope you dance. (Rolling us along). I hope you dance. (Tell me who wants to look back on their years and wonder). I hope you dance. (Where those years have gone). Tell me who wants to look back on their years and wonder. (Dance). Where those years have gone. (Dance)If I could grant, you one wish. I'd wish you could see the way you kiss. Oooh, I love watching you. Baby. When you're driving me, crazy. Oooh, I love the way you,. Love the way you love me. There's nowhere else I'd rather be. Oooh, to feel the way I, feel with your arms around me. I only wish that you could see, the way you love me. The way you love me. It's not right. It's not fair. What you're missing over there. Someday I'll find a way to show you. Just how lucky I am, to know you. Oooh, I love the way you. Love the way you love me. There's nowhere else I'd rather be. Oooh, to feel the way I, feel with your arms around me. I only wish that you could see, the way you love me. Ohhh, the way you love me. You're the million reasons why. There's love reflecting in my eyes. Oooh, I love the way you. Love the way you love me. There's nowhere else I'd rather be. Oooh, to feel the way I, feel with your arms around me. I only wish that you could see, the way you love me. The way you love me. The way you love me. Oooh, the way you love me. The way you love meLet's go!. Mmm.... Don't wantcha for the weekend, don't wantcha for a night. I'm only interested if I can have you for life, yeah. Uh, I know I sound serious and baby I am. You're a fine piece of real estate, and I'm gonna get me some land. Oh, yeah So, don't try to run honey, love can be fun. There's no need to be alone when you find that someone. I'm gonna getcha while I gotcha in sight. I'm gonna getcha if it takes all night. You can betcha by the time I say 'go,' you'll never say 'no'. I'm gonna getcha, it's a matter of fact. I'm gonna getcha, don'tcha worry 'bout that. You can bet your bottom dollar, in time you're gonna be mine. Just like I should I'll getcha good. Yeah, uh, uh. I've already planned it here's how it's gonna be. I'm gonna love you and you're gonna fall in love with me, yeah, yeah. So, don't try to run honey, love can be fun. There's no need to be alone when you find that someone. I'm gonna getcha while I gotcha in sight. I'm gonna getcha if it takes all night. You can betcha by the time I say 'go,' you'll never say 'no'. I'm gonna getcha, it's a matter of fact. I'm gonna getcha, don'tcha worry 'bout that. You can bet your bottom dollar, in time you're gonna be mine. Just like I should I'll getcha good. Uh, uh, uh, Oh I'm gonna getcha baby I'm gonna knock on wood. I'm gonna getcha somehow honey yeah, I'm gonna make it good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. So, don't try to run honey, love can be fun. There's no need to be alone when you find that someone. I'm gonna getcha, it's a matter of fact. I'm gonna getcha, don'tcha worry 'bout that. You can bet your bottom dollar, in time you're gonna be mine. Oh, I'm gonna getcha, I'm gonna getcha real good. Yeah, you can betcha, oh, I'm gonna getcha. Just like I should, I'll getcha good. Oh, I'm gonna getcha good!Sean Paul and Blu Cantrell. Remix that gonna make ya head swell yo. Yo hey yo boem yo hey yo. Dutty, yeah. . (Breathe). So what's that supposed to be about baby?. Gal free up ya mind and stop actin' crazy. Reminisce about all the good times daily. Why you try to pose like I be actin' shady?. . (Breathe). What's that supposed to be about baby?. Gal free up ya mind and stop actin' crazy. Sean Paul'll give ya the good lovin' daily. Now you try pose like I be actin' shady. (Talk to me now Blu). . You say you love me, say you love me. But you're never there for me, yeah. You'll be cryin' slowly dyin'. When I decide to leave, oh, oh. . All we do is make up. (Make up). Then break up. (Break up). Why don't we wake up. And see?. When love hurts. (Love hurts). It won't work. (Won't work). Maybe we need some time alone. We need to let it breathe. . So what's that supposed to be about baby?. (Breathe). Gal free up ya mind and stop actin' crazy. (Breathe). Reminisce about all the good times daily. (Breathe). Why you try to pose like I be actin' shady?. . You're only lonely when your homey. Ain't got a ride or no loot, yeah. (Yeah). Then comes the drama. Some other girl is claimin' she's goin' out with you. . All we do is make up. (Make up). Then break up. (Break up). Why don't we wake up. And see?. When love hurts. (Love hurts). It won't work. (Won't work). Maybe we need some time alone. We need to let it breathe. . So what's that supposed to be about baby?. (Breathe). Gal free up ya mind and stop actin' crazy. (Breathe). Shady shady shady. (Breathe). (Breathe). (Breathe). . Dutty, yeah. My girl for the fourth time.   (Come on girl). Better make it very clear to you. You're very dear to me. An honor of me share to you. Me not unfair to you. Woman I want. For real to make you know that. I will always join in to you. . But me know me not a fear to you. Me stand up like a man and I'll be there 'cuz I care for you.   (Yeah okay). Long time me tellin' you. No other girl can compare to you. Oh my dear if you leave me know. I'm going to shed a lots of tear for you. . You want to breathe and still you're not exhalin'.   (Here we go). Say you want to leave 'cuz this relationship failin'.   (Come on girl). Ain't nobody say that it would be smooth sailin'. Girl I want to know why your bailin', ship yo. . So what's that supposed to be about baby?. (Breathe). Gal free up ya mind and stop actin' crazy. (Breathe). Reminisce about all the good times daily.   (Let me freak out). Why you try pose like I be actin' shady?.   (Let me freak). (Shady shady shady baby baby). . Maybe we need some time alone. So we can just breathe.   (Breathe). Let it breathe.   (Breathe). (Breathe). Breathe. (Breathe). (Breathe). Let it breathe. (Breathe). Breathe. (Breathe). (Breathe). Yeah yeah let it breathe, yeah.   (Shady shady shady baby shady). . Time to breathe y'all. (Breathe). (Breathe). Time to breathe y'all. (Breathe)Drew looks at me. I fake a smile so he won't see. What I want and I need. And everything that we should be. I'll bet she's beautiful. That girl he talks about. And she's got everything. That I have to live without. Drew talks to me. I laugh 'cause it's damn funny. But I can't even see. Anyone when he's with me. He says he's so in love. He's finally got it right. I wonder if he knows. He's all I think about at night. He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar. The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star. He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do. Drew walks by me. Can he tell that I can't breathe?. And there he goes, so perfectly. The kind of flawless I wish I could be. She better hold him tight. Give him all her love. Look in those beautiful eyes. And know she's lucky 'cause. He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar. The only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star. He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do. So I drive home alone. As I turn out the light. I'll put his picture down. And maybe get some sleep tonight. 'Cuz he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar. The only one who's got enough of me to break my heart. He's the song in the car I keep singing. Don't know why I do. He's the time taken up but there's never enough. And he's all that I need to fall into. Drew looks at me. I fake a smile so he won't seeI was ridin' shotgun. With my hair undone. In the front seat of his car. He's got a one-hand feel. On the steering wheel. The other on my heart. I look around. Turn the radio down. He says. "Baby, is somethin' wrong?. I say. "Nothin', I was just thinkin' how we don't have a song". And he says. Our song is the slammin' screen door. Sneakin' out late. Tappin' on your window. When we're on the phone. And you talk real slow. 'Cause it's late. And your mama don't know. Our song is the way you laugh. The first date. "Man, I didn't kiss her and I should have". And when I got home. 'fore I said "Amen". Askin' God if he. Could play it again. I was walkin' up. The front porch steps. After everything that day. Had gone all wrong. Or been trampled on. And lost. And thrown away. Got to the hallway. Well on my way. To my lovin' bed. I almost didn't notice. All the roses. And the note that said. Our song is the slammin' screen door. Sneakin' out late. Tappin' on your window. When we're on the phone. And you talk real slow. 'Cause it's late. And your mama don't know. Our song is the way you laugh. The first date. "Man, I didn't kiss her and I should have". And when I got home. 'fore I said "Amen". Askin' God if he could play it again. I've heard every album. Listened to the radio. Waited for something. To come along. That was as good as our song. 'Cause our song is the slammin' screen door. Sneakin' out late. Tappin' on his window. When we're on the phone. And he talks real slow. 'Cause it's late. And his mama don't know. Our song is the way he laughs. The first date. "Man, I didn't kiss him and I should have". And when I got home. before I said "Amen". Askin' God if he. Could play it again. Play it again. I was ridin' shotgun. With my hair undone. In the front seat of his car. I grabbed a pen. And an old napkin. And I wrote down our songWe were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes & the flashback starts. I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air. See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crowd. And say "Hello", little did I know.... That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles. And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet". And I was crying on the staircase. Begging you "Please don't go", & I said.... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince & I'll be the princess. It's a love story baby, just say "Yes". So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew. So close your eyes, escape this town for a little while. 'Cause you were Romeo, I was a scarlet letter. And my daddy said "Stay away from Juliet". But you were everything to me. I was begging you "Please don't go", & I said.... Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince & I'll be the princess. It's a love story baby, just say "Yes". Romeo save me, they're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story baby, just say "Yes". .... I got tired of waiting. Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading. When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said.... Romeo, save me, I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground & pulled out a ring & said. Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone. I love you & that's all I really know. I talked to your dad, go pick out a white dress. It's a love story baby, just say "Yes". Oh oh oh. 'Cause we were both young when I first saw youYou're on the phone with your girlfriendshe's upset. She's going off about something that you said. 'Cause she doesn't get your humor like I do.. I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday night.. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like.. And she'll never know your story like I do. But she wears short skirts. I wear t-shirt. She's cheer captain. And I'm on the bleachers. Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find. That what you're looking for has been here the whole time.. If you could see. That I'm the one. Who understands you. Been here all along. So, why can't you see. You belong with me. You belong with me?. Walk in the streets with you in your worn out jeans. I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be.. Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself. "Hey, isn't this easy?". And you've got a smile. That can light up this whole town. I haven't seen it in awhile. Since she brought you down.. You say you're fineI know you better than that. Hey, what you doing with a girl like that?. She wears high heels. I wear sneakers. She's cheer captain. And I'm on the bleachers. Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find. That what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see. That I'm the one. Who understands you. Been here all along. So, why can't you see. You belong with me?. Standing by and waiting at your backdoor.. All this time how could you not know, baby?. You belong with me. You belong with me. Oh, I remember you driving to my house. In the middle of the night. I'm the one who makes you laugh. When you know you're 'bout to cry. I know your favorite songs. And you tell me about your dreams. Think I know where you belong. Think I know it's with me. Can't you se that I'm the one. Who understands you?. Been here all along. So, why can't you see. You belong with me?. Standing by and waiting at your backdoor.. All this time how could you not know, baby?. You belong with me. You belong with me. You belong with me. Have you ever thought just maybe. You belong with me?. You belong with mePicture perfect memories. Scattered all around the floor. Reaching for the phone 'cause. I can't fight it anymore. And I wonder if I. Ever cross your mind. For me it happens all the time. It's a quarter after one. I'm all alone. And I need you now. Said I wouldn't call. But I've lost all control. And I need you now. And I don't know how. I can do without. I just need you now. Another shot of whiskey. Can't stop looking at the door. Wishing you'd come sweeping. In the way you did before. And I wonder if I. Ever cross your mind. For me it happens all the time. It's a quarter after one. I'm a little drunk. And I need you now. Said I wouldn't call. But I've lost all control. And I need you now. And I don't know how. I can do without. I just need you now. Whoa, whoa. Guess I'd rather hurt. Than feel nothing at all. It's a quarter after one. I'm all alone. And I need you now. And I said I wouldn't call. But I'm a little drunk. And I need you now. And I don't know how. I can do without. I just need you now. I just need you now. Oh baby, I need you nowYou were in college working part-time, waiting tables. Left a small town, never looked back. I was a flight risk, with a fear of falling. Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts. I say, can you believe it?. As we're lying on the couch. The moment I can see it. Yes, yes. I can see it now. Do you remember we were sitting there by the water?. You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine. Flash forward & we're taking on the world together. And there's a drawer of my things at your place. You learn my secrets & you figure out why I'm guarded. You say we'll never make my parent's mistakes. But we got bills to pay. We got nothing figured out. When it was hard to take. Yes, yes. This is what I thought about. Do you remember we were sitting there by the water?. You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine. Do you remember all the city lights on the water?. You saw me start to believe for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine. And I remember that fight, 2: 30 AM. As everything was slipping right out of our hands. I ran out crying & you followed me out into the street. Braced myself for the goodbye. 'Cause that's all I've ever known. Then you took me by surprise. You said I'll never leave you alone. You said. I remember how we felt sitting by the water. And every time I look at you, it's like the first time. I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter. She is the best thing that's ever been mine. Hold on, make it last. Hold on, never turn back. You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter. You are the best thing that's ever been mine. Do you believe it?. We're gonna make it now. And I can see it. I can see it nowAbsolutely no one who knows me better. No one that can make me feel so good. How did we stay so long together?. Everybody, everybody said we never would. And just when I. Start to think they're right. The love has died. There you go making my heart beat again. Heart beat again, heart beat again. There you go making me feel like a kid. Won't you do it, do it one time?. There you go pulling me right back in. Right back in, right back in. And I know I'm never letting this go. I'm stuck on you. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. Some days I don't feel like trying. Some days you know I wanna just give up. When it doesn't matter who's right. Fight about it all night. Had enough, you give me that look. I'm sorry baby let's make up. You do that thing that makes me laugh. And just like that. There you go making my heart beat again. Heart beat again, heart beat again. There you go making me feel like a kid. Won't you do it, do it one time?. There you go pulling me right back in. Right back in, right back in. And I know I'm never letting this go. I'm stuck on you. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. . Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, you almost stay out. Two stuck together from the ATL out. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, feelin' kinda sick. Just a spoon full of sugar make it better real quick. I say, whoa-oh, whoa-oh, whatcha gonna do with that?. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, come on over here with that. Sugar sticky sweet stuff, come and give me that stuff. Everybody want some. Melodies that get stuck up in your head. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, up in your head. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, up in your head. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, up in your head. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh. Stuck like glue. You and me together, say it's all I wanna do. I said there you go making my heart beat again. Heart beat again, heart beat again. There you go making me feel like a kid. Won't you do it, do it one time?. There you go pulling me right back in. Right back in, right back in. And I know I'm never letting this go. There you go making my heart beat again. Heart beat again, heart beat again. There you go making me feel like a kid. Won't you do it, do it one time?. There you go pulling me right back in. Right back in, right back in. And I know I'm never letting this go. I'm stuck on you. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glue. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh, stuck like glue. You and me baby, we're stuck like glueI'm so glad you made time to see me. How's life, tell me how's your family. I haven't seen them in a while. You've been good, busier then ever. We small talk, work and the weather. Your guard is up and I know why. 'Cause the last time you saw me. Is still burned in the back of your mind. You gave me roses and I left them there to die. So this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night. And I'd go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it all right. I'd go back to December all the time. These days I haven't been sleeping. Staying up playing back myself leaving. When your birthday passed and I didn't call. And I think about summer, all the beautiful times. I watched you laughing from the passenger side and. Realized I loved you in the fall. And then the cold came, the dark days when fear crept into my mind. You gave me all your love and all I gave you was goodbye. So this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night. And I'd go back to December all the time. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind. I'd go back to December all the time. I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile, so good to me, so right. And how you held me in your arms that September night. The first time you ever saw me cry. Maybe this is wishful thinking. Probably mindless dreaming. If we loved again I swear I'd love you right. I'd go back in time and change it but I can't. So if the chain is on your door, I understand. But this is me swallowing my pride standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night. And I'd go back to December. It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine. I'd go back to December, turn around and make it alright. I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind. I'd go back to December all the time. All the timeIf I die young bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn. Send me away with the words of a love song. Uh oh uh oh. Lord make me a rainbow, I'll shine down on my mother. She'll know I'm safe with you when she stands under my colours, oh and. Life ain't always what you think it oughta be, no. Ain't even grey, but she buries her baby. The sharp knife of a short life well. I've had just enough time. If I die young bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn. Send me away with the words of a love song. The sharp knife of a short life well. I've had just enough time. And I'll be wearing white, when I come into your kingdom. I'm as green as the ring on my little cold finger, I've never known the lovin' of a man,. But it sure felt nice when he was holding my hand. There's a boy here in town says he'll love me forever. Who would have thought forever could be severed by. The sharp knife of a short life well. I've had just enough time. So put on your best boys and I'll wear my pearls. What I never did is done. A penny for my thoughts, oh no I'll sell them for a dollar. They're worth so much more after I'm a goner. And maybe then you'll hear the words I been singing. Funny when you're dead how people start listenin'. If I die young bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn. Send me away with the words of a love song. Uh oh (uh oh). The ballad of a dove. Go with peace and love. Gather up your tears, keep 'em in your pocket. Save 'em for a time when your really gonna need 'em oh. The sharp knife of a short life well. I've had just enough time. So put on your best boys, and I'll wear my pearlsLying here with you so close to me. It's hard to fight these feelings when it feels so hard to breathe. I'm caught up in this moment. Caught up in your smile. I've never opened up to anyone. So hard to hold back when I'm holding you in my arms. But we don't need to rush this. Let's just take it slow. Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight. Just a touch of the fire burning so bright. No I don't want to mess this thing up. I don't want to push too far. Just a shot in the dark that you just might. Be the one I've been waiting for my whole life. So baby I'm alright, with just a kiss goodnight. I know that if we give this a little time. It'll only bring us closer to the love we wanna find. It's never felt so real,. No, it's never felt so right. Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight. Just a touch of the fire burning so bright. No I don't want to mess this thing up. I don't want to push too far. Just a shot in the dark that you just might. Be the one I've been waiting for my whole life. So baby I'm alright, with just a kiss goodnight. No, I don't want to say goodnight. I know it's time to leave, but you'll be in my dreams. Tonight, tonight, tonight. Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight. Just a touch of the fire burning so bright. No I don't want to mess this thing up. I don't want to push too far. Just a shot in the dark that you just might. Be the one I've been waiting for my whole life. So baby I'm alright, oh, let's do this right. With just a kiss goodnight. With a kiss goodnight, kiss goodnightYeah, I'm chillin' on a dirt road,. Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones.. Smoke rollin' out the window,. An ice cold beer sittin' in the console.. Memory lane up in the headlights,. It's got me reminiscing on them good times.. I'm turning off of real life, drivin' that's right,. I'm hittin' easy street on mud tires.. Back in the day Pott's farm was the place to go.. Load the truck up, hit the dirt road.. Jump the barbwire, spread the word.. Light the bonfire, then call the girls.. The king in the can and the Marlboro man.. Jack'n'Jim were a few good men.. Where ya learned how to kiss and cuss and fight too.. Better watch out for the boys in blue.. And all this small town he said, she said,. Ain't it funny how rumors spread.. Like I know something ya'll don't know,. Man that talk is gettin' old.. Ya better mind your business, man, watch your mouth,. Before I have to knock that loud mouth out.. Im tired of talkin, man, ya'll ain't listenin',. Them old dirt roads is what ya'll missin'.. I'm chillin' on a dirt road.. Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones.. Smoke rollin' out the window,. An ice cold beer sittin' in the console.. Memory lane up in the headlights,. It's got me reminiscing on them good times.. I'm turning off of real life, drivin' that's right,. I'm hittin' easy street on mud tires.. I sit back and think about them good ole days.. The way we were raised, and our southern ways,. And we like cornbread, and biscuits,. And if it's broke round here we fix it.. I can take ya'll where ya need to go,. Down to my hood, back in them woods.. We do it different 'round here, that's right,. But we sure do it good, and we do it all night.. See, if you really wanna know how it feels,. To get off the road with trucks and four wheels,. Jump on in, and man, tell your friends,. We'll raise some hell where the blacktop ends.. I'm chillin' on a dirt road.. Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones.. Smoke rollin' out the window,. An ice cold beer sittin' in the console.. Memory lane up in the headlights,. It's got me reminiscing on them good times.. I'm turning off of real life, driving that's right,. I'm hittin' easy street on mud tires.. Thats right.. Yeah, I'm chillin' on a dirt road.. Laid back swervin' like I'm George Jones.. Smoke rollin' out the window,. An ice cold beer sittin' in the console.. Memory lane up in the headlights,. It's got me reminiscing on them good times.. I'm turning off of real life, drivin' that's right,. I'm hittin' easy street on mud tires.. Thats right.I remember when we broke up the first time. Saying, "This is it, I've had enough" 'cause like. We hadn't seen each other in a month. When you said you needed space (What?). Then you come around again and say, "Baby. I miss you, and I swear I'm gonna change, trust me". Remember how that lasted for a day?. I say, "I hate you" We break up, you call me, "I love you". Ooh, we called it off again last night, but ooh. This time I'm telling you, I'm telling you. We are never, ever, ever getting back together. We are never, ever, ever getting back together. You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me. But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together. Like, ever. I'm really gonna miss you picking fights and me. Falling for it screaming that I'm right and you. Would hide away and find your peace of mind with some. Indie record that's much cooler than mine. Ooh, you called me up again tonight, but ooh. This time I'm telling you, I'm telling you. We are never, ever, ever getting back together. We are never, ever, ever getting back together. You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me). But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together. I used to think that we were forever ever. And I used to say, "Never say never". Uh, so he calls me up and he's like, "I still love you". I'm like, "I just, I mean this is exhausting. You know, like we are never getting back together". "Like, ever" (No!). We are never, ever, ever getting back together. We are never, ever, ever getting back together. You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me. But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back together. We  getting back together. We  getting back together. You go talk to your friends, talk to my friends, talk to me (talk to me). But we are never, ever, ever, ever getting back togetherNow, red solo cup is the best receptical. For barbecues, tailgates, fairs, and festivals. And you, sir, do not have a pair of testicals. If you prefer drinkin' from glass. Hey, red solo cup is cheap and disposable. And in fourteen years, they are decomposable. And unlike my home, they are not foreclosable. Freddy, man, can kiss my ass. Whoo!. Red solo cup. I fill you up. Let's have a party. Let's have a party. I love you, red solo cup. I lift you up. Proceed to party. Proceed to party. Now, I really love how you're easy to stack. But I really hate how you're easy to crack. 'Cause when beer runs down in front of my pack. Well, that, my friends, is quite yucky. But I have to admit that the ladies get smitten. Admirin' at how sharply my first name is written. On you with a Sharpie when I get to hittin'. On them to help me get lucky. Red solo cup. I fill you up. Let's have a party. Let's have a party. I love you, red solo cup. I lift you up. Proceed to party. Proceed to party. Now, I've seen you in blue and I've seen you in yellow. But only you, red, will do for this fellow. 'Cause you are the Abbot to my Costello. And you are the Fruit to my Loom. Red solo cup, you're more than just plastic. You're more than amazing, you're more than fantastic. And believe me that I am not the least bit sarcastic. When I look at you and say. Red solo cup, you're not just a cup. (No! No! No! God, no!). You're my-you're my (Friend?) friend. (Friend, friend, friend, Life-long). Thank you for being my friend. Red solo cup. I fill you up. Let's have a party. Let's have a party. I love you, red solo cup. I lift you up. Proceed to party. Proceed to partyYou know I'd fall apart without you. I don't know how you do what you do. 'Cause everything that don't make sense about me. Makes sense when I'm with you. Like everything that's green, girl I need you. But it's more than one and one makes two. Put aside the math and the logic of it. You gotta know you want it too. 'Cause I wanna wrap you up. Wanna kiss your lips. I wanna make you feel wanted. And I wanna call you mine. Wanna hold your hand forever. Never let you forget it. Yeah, I wanna make you feel wanted. Anyone can tell you you're pretty and. You get that all the time, I know you do. But your beauty's deeper than the makeup. And I wanna show you what I see tonight. When I wrap you up. When I kiss your lips. I wanna make you feel wanted. And I wanna call you mine. Wanna hold your hand forever. Never let you forget it. 'Cause baby I wanna make you feel wanted. As good as you make me feel. I wanna make you feel better. Better than your fairy tales. Better than your best dreams. You're more than everything I need. You're all I ever wanted. All I ever wanted. And I just wanna wrap you up. Wanna kiss your lips. I wanna make you feel wanted. And I wanna call you mine. Wanna hold your hand forever. Never let you forget it. Yeah, I wanna make you feel wanted. Yeah, baby I wanna make you feel wanted. 'Cause you'll always be wantedOnce upon a time, a few mistakes ago. I was in your sights, you got me alone. You found me, you found me, you found me-e-e-e-e. I guess you didn't care and I guess I liked that. And when I fell hard, you took a step back. Without me, without me, without me-e-e-e-e-ee. And he's long gone when he's next to me. And I realize the blame is on me. 'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been. So you put me down, oh. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been. Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. No apologies, he'll never see you cry. Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why. You're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning-ing-ing-ing-ing. And I heard you moved on from whispers on the street. A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be. Now I see, now I see, now I see-e-e-e-e-ee. He was long gone when he met me. And I realize the joke is on me, hey!. I knew you were trouble when you walked in, ohh. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been. So you put me down, oh. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been, yeah. Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. When your saddest fear comes creeping in. That you never loved me or her or anyone or anything, yeah. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been (never been). So you put me down, oh. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. So shame on me now. Flew me to places I'd never been, uhh. Now I'm lying on the cold hard ground. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. Trouble, trouble, trouble. I knew you were trouble when you walked in. Trouble, trouble, troubleBaby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Yeah, when I first saw that bikini top on her. She's poppin' right out of the South Georgia water. Thought, "Oh, good lord, she had them long tanned legs". Couldn't help myself so I walked up and said. Baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Down a back road blowin' stop signs through the middle. Every little farm town with you. In this brand new Chevy with a lift kit. Would look a hell lot better with you up in it. So baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. She was sippin' on southern and singin' Marshall Tucker. We were falling in love in the sweet heart of summer. She hopped right up into the cab of my truck and said. "Fire it up, let's go get this thing stuck". Baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Down a back road blowin' stop signs through the middle. Every little farm town with you. In this brand new Chevy with a lift kit. Would look a hell lot better with you up in it. So baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. When that summer sun fell to its knees. I looked at her and she looked at me. And I turned on those KC lights and drove all night. 'Cause it felt so right, her and I, man we felt so right. I put it in park and. Grabbed my guitar. And strummed a couple chords. And sang from the heart. Girl you sure got the beat in my chest bumpin'. Hell I can't get you out of my head. Baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Down a back road blowin' stop signs through the middle. Every little farm town with you. Baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Down a back road blowin' stop signs through the middle. Every little farm town with you. In this brand new Chevy with a lift kit. Would look a hell lot better with you up in it. Come on. Baby you a song. You make me wanna roll my windows down and cruise. Come on girl. Get those windows down and cruise. Aww yeah