Are you lonesome tonight? Do you miss me tonight?. Are you sorry we drifted apart?. Does your memory stray to a brighter sunny day?. When I kissed you and called you sweetheart?. Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare?. Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there?. Is your heart filled with pain? Shall I come back again?. Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonight. I wonder if you're lonesome tonight. You know someone said that the world's a stage. And each must play a part. Fate had me playing in love with you as my sweet heart. Act one was when we met, I loved you at first glance. You read your line so cleverly and never missed a cue. Then came act two, you seemed to change, you acted strange. And why? I've never known. Honey, you lied when you said you loved me. And I had no cause to doubt you. But I'd rather go on hearing your lies. Than I go on living without you. Now the stage is bare and I'm standing there. With emptiness all around. And if you won't come back to me. Then they can bring the curtain down. Is your heart filled with pain? Shall I come back again?. Tell me dear, are you lonesome tonightIt's now or never. come hold me tight. Kiss me my darling. be mine tonight. Tomorrow will be too late. it's now or never. My love won't wait.. When I first saw you. with your smile so tender. My heart was captured. my soul surrendered. I'd spend a lifetime. waiting for the right time. Now that your near. the time is here at last.. It's now or never. come hold me tight. Kiss me my darling. be mine tonight. Tomorrow will be too late. it's now or never. My love won't wait.. Just like a willow. we would cry an ocean. If we lost true love. and sweet devotion. Your lips excite me. let your arms invite me. For who knows when. we'll meet again this way. It's now or never. come hold me tight. Kiss me my darling. be mine tonight. Tomorrow will be too late. it's now or never. My love won't wait. it's now or never. My love won't wait.Dum dum dummy doo wah. Ooh yay, yay, yay, yeah. Oh, oh oh oh oh ooh ah ah. Only the lonely, only the lonely. Only the lonely.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). Know the way I feel tonight.   (Ooh yay, yay, yay, yeah). Only the lonely.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). Know this feeling ain't right.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). There goes my baby, there goes my heart. They're gone forever, so far apart. But only the lonely. Know why I cry only the lonely. Dum dum dummy doo wah. Ooh yay, yay, yay, yeah. Oh, oh oh oh oh ooh ah ah. Only the lonely, only the lonely. Only the lonely.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). Know the heartaches I've been through.   (Ooh yay, yay, yay, yeah. Only the lonely.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). Know I cry and cry for you.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah). Maybe tomorrow a new romance. No more sorrow, but that's the chance. You've got to take. If your lonely heart breaks, only the lonely.   (Dum dum dummy doo wah)Brian Hyland. Miscellaneous. itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. She was afraid to come out of the locker. She was as nervous as she could be. She was afraid to come out of the locker. She was afraid that somebody would see. 2, 3, 4 tell the people what she wore. It was an itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today. An itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. So in the locker she wanted to stay. 2, 3, 4 stick around we'll tell you more. She was afraid to come out in the open. So a blanket around her she wore. She was afraid to come out in the open. So she sat bundled on the shore. 2, 3, 4 tell the people what she wore. It was an itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today. An itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. So in the blanket she wanted to stay. 2, 3, 4 stick around we'll tell you more. Now she's afraid to come out the water. And I don't know what she's gonna do. Now she's afraid to come out of the water. And the poor little girl's turning blue. 2, 3, 4 tell the people what she wore. It was an itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today. An itsy bitsy teeny weenie yellow polka dot bikini. So in the water she wanted to stay. From the locker to the blanket. From the blanket to the shore. From the shore to the water. Guess there isn't any moreAll your love I miss loving, all your kiss I miss kissing. All your love I miss loving, all your kiss I miss kissing. Before I met you, baby, I didn't know what I was missing. All my love, pretty baby, I have in store for you. All my love, pretty baby, I have in store for you. Well I love you, baby, I know you love me too. Oh, oh, oh, baby, you know I love you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, baby, you know I love you baby. I love you baby, oh I love you soAnd they called it puppy love. Oh I guess they'll never know. How a young heart, how it really feels. And why I love her so. And they called it puppy love. Just because we're seventeen. Tell them all, oh please tell them. It isn't fair to take away my only dream. I cry each night these tears for you. My tears are all in vain. Oh I hope, I hope and I pray that may be some day. You'll be back in my arms once again. Someone help me,help me please. Is the answer, is it up above. How can I, oh how can I ever tell them. This is not a puppy love. Someone help me, help me please. Is the answer up above. How can I, oh how can I tell them. This is not a puppy loveYou tell me that you love me baby. Then you say you don't. You tell me that you'll come on over. Then you say you won't. You love me like a hurricane. Then you start to freeze. I'll give it to you straight right now. Please don't tease. You come right out and tell me. You're out with someone new. You play it oh, so doggone cool. I don't know what to do. You never seem to answer me. You just don't here my plea. I'll give it to you one more time. Please don't tease. Oh, please don't tease me. You know it hurts so much. Come on and squeeze me. You know I need your tender touch. (But)You tell me that you love me baby. Then you say you don't. You tell me that you'll come on over. Then you say you won't. You love me like a hurricane. Then you start to freeze. I'll give it to you straight right now. Please don't tease. (Instr. Break). Oh, please don't tease me. You know it hurts so much. Come on and squeeze me. You know I need your tender touch. (But)You tell me that you love me baby. Then you say you don't. You tell me that you'll come on over. Then you say you won't. You love me like a hurricane. Then you start to freeze. I'll give it to you straight right now. Please don't teaseI just got your letter baby. Too bad you can't come home. I swear I'm goin' crazy. Sittin' here all alone. Since you're gone I got a mess out of blues. I ain't slept a wink since Sunday. I can't eat a thing all day. Every day is just blue Monday. Since you've been away. Since you're gone I got a mess out of blues. Whoops there goes a teardrop. Rollin' down my face. If you cry when you're in love. It sure ain't no disgrace. I gotta get myself together. Before I lose my mind. I'm gonna catch the next train goin'. And leave my blues behind. Since you're gone I got a mess out of blues. Whoops there goes a teardrop. Rollin' down my face. If you cry when you're in love. It sure ain't no disgrace. I gotta get myself together. Before I lose my mind. I'm gonna catch the next train goin'. And leave my blues behind. Since you're gone I got a mess out of blues. Since you're gone I got a mess out of blues. Since you're gone I got a mess out of bluesVan Morrison. Miscellaneous. You Know What They're Writing About. You know what they're writing about. Baby you know what they're writing about. It's a thing called love down through the ages. Makes you wanna cry sometimes. Makes you feel like you wanna lay down and die sometimes. Makes you high sometimes. But when you really get in it lifts you right up. Ain't it a wonderful game. Ain't it a marvellous game. And when there's no more words to say about love I go. Meet me down, meet me down,. Meet me down by the river. Meet me down by the water. Meet me down by the water. Meet me down by the pylons. Meet me down by the pylons. Meet me down by the pylons. Meet me down by the pylons. Meet me, meet me, I want you to meet me - are you there. And know, know, know, know. I want you to meet me - are you there. I want you to meet me - are you there. And know, know, know, know, know. I want you to meet meNATeen angel, teen angel, teen angel, ooh, ooh. That fateful night the car was stalled. Upon the railroad track. I pulled you out and we were safe. But you went running back. Teen angel, can you hear me?. Teen angel, can you see me?. Are you somewhere up above?. And I am still your own true love. What was it you were looking for. That took your life that night?. They said they found my high school ring. Clutched in your fingers tight. Teen angel, can you hear me?. Teen angel, can you see me?. Are you somewhere up above?. And I am still your own true love. Just sweet sixteen and now you're gone. They've taken you away. I'll never kiss your lips again. They buried you today. Teen angel, can you hear me?. Teen angel, can you see me?. Are you somewhere up above?. And I am still your own true love. Teen angel, teen angel, answer me, pleaseOooooo.. You come on like a dream.. Peaches and cream.. Lips like strawberry wine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're all ribbons and curls ooooo what a girl.. Eyes that twinkle and shine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're my baby, you're my pet, we fell in love on the night we met.. You touched my hand, my heart would pop, and oooooo when we kissed we could not stop.. You walked out of my dreams, into my arms.. Now you're my angel divine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. Ahh, well you're my baby, you're my pet, we fell in love the night we met.. You touched my hand, my heart would pop, and ooooo when we kissed we could not stop.. You walked out of my dreams, into my arms, now you're my angel divine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. Well, you're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mineNow here's a little story. To tell it is a must. About an unsung hero. That moves away your dust. Some people make a fortune. Others earn a mint. My old man don't earn much. In fact he's flippin' skint. Oh, my old man's a dustman. He wears a dustman's hat. He wears cor-blimey trousers. And he lives in a council flat. He looks a proper nana. In his great big hobnail boots. He's got such a job to pull them up. That he calls 'em daisy roots. Some folks give tips at Christmas. And some of them forget. So when he picks their bins up. He spills some on the step. Now one old man got nasty. And to the council wrote. Next time my old man went 'round there. He punched him up the throat. Oh my old man's a dustman. He wears a dustman's hat. He wears cor-blimey trousers. And he lives in a council flat. Lonnie: I say, I say, Les.. Les: Yes?. Lonnie: I, er, I found a police dog in my dustbin. Les: Well how do you do know he's a police dog?. Lonnie: He had a policeman with him. Though my old man's a dustman. He's got an 'eart of gold. He got married recently. Though he's eighty-six years old. We said "'Ere, hang on, Dad,. You're getting past your prime". He said "Well, when you get to my age. It helps to pass the time.". Oi! My old man's a dustman. He wears a dustman's hat. He wears cor-blimey trousers. And he lives in a council flat. Lonnie: I say, I say, I say!. Les: Huh?. Lonnie: My dustbin's full of lilies.. Les: Well throw 'em away then!. Lonnie: I can't: Lily's wearing them.. Now one day whilst in a hurry. He missed a lady's bin. He hadn't gone but a few yards. When she chased after him. "What game do you think you're playing?". She cried right from the 'eart. "You've missed me, am I too late?". "No, jump up on the cart!". Oi! My old man's a dustman. He wears a dustman's hat. He wears cor-blimey trousers. And he lives in a council flat. Lonnie: I say, I say, I say!. Les: Not you again!. Lonnie: My dustbin's absolutely full with toadstools.. Les: How do you know it's full?. Lonnie: 'Cause there's not mushroom inside.. He found a tiger's head one day. Nailed to a piece of wood. The tiger looked like miserable. But I suppose he should. Just then from out a window. A voice began to wail. It said "Oi! Where's me tiger's head?". "Four foot from his tail.". Oh my old man's a dustman. He wears a dustman's hat. He wears cor-blimey trousers. And he lives in a council flat. Next time you see a dustman. Looking all pale and sad. Don't kick him in the dustbin. It might be my old dadNow there are Three Steps To Heaven. Just listen and you will plainly see. And as life travels on. And things do go wrong. Just follow steps one, two and three. Step one - you find a girl to love. Step two - she falls in love with you. Step three - you kiss and hold her tightly. Yeah! that sure seems like heaven to me. The formula for Heaven's very simple. Just follow the rules and you will see. And as life travels on. And things do go wrong. Just follow steps one,two and three. Step one - you find a girl to love. Step two - she falls in love with you. Step three- you kiss and hold her tightly. Yeah! that sure seems like heaven to me. Just follow steps one, two and threeGood mornin', capitan. Good mornin' to you. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Do you need another mule skinner. Sown on your new mud run?. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Hey, hey, hey, hee, he, hee. Hee, he, he, hee, hee, hee. He, hee, he, he, hee, hee, hee. He, he, hee, hee, hee. Well, I'm an old mule skinner. (Yeah, you are). Well, I'm from Old Kentuky. And I can make any mule listen. Or I won't except your pay, he, hee. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hee. Hey, hey, hey, hee, he, hee. Hee, he, hee, hee, hee. Hee, he, he, he, he, he, he. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he. Well, hey. (Hey). Little water boy. (Where's that water boy, man?). Bring the bu, bu, bucket down. Whaa, whaa, haa, haa, ha, haa, haa, haa. And if you don't like your job. Then put that bucket down. Hee, hee, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Cha, cha, chaWell, way down yonder in New Orleans in the land of the dreamy scenes. There's a garden of Eden, ah-you know what I mean. Yeah, Creole babies with flashin' eyes softly whisper with tender sighs. And then you stop!. Oh won't you give your lady fair a little smile?. And then you stop!. You bet your life you'll linger there a little while. Yeah, there is heaven right here on earth with those beautiful queens. Yeah, way down yonder in New Orleans. Whoo!. Way down yonder in New Orleans, whoo!, in the land of the dreamy scenes. There's a garden of Eden, you know what I mean. Well, Creole babies with flashin' eyes softly whisper with tender sighs. And then you stop!. Oh won't you give your lady fair a little smile?. And then you stop!. You bet your life you'll linger there a little while. Yeah, there is heaven right here on earth with those beautiful queens. Well, way down yonder in New Orleans. Yeah! whoo!Johnny Preston. Miscellaneous. Cradle Of Love. Cradle Of Love. -Artist: Johnny Preston. -peak Billboard position # 7 in 1960. -Words and Music by Jack Fautheree and Wayne Gray. CHORUS. Well, rock-a-bye baby, in the treetop. When the wind blows the cradle will rock. So rock-a-bye baby, in the treetop. When the wind blows, mmm. Well, Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. Jack jumped over the candlestick. He jumped so high up above. He landed in the cradle of love. CHORUS. Hi diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle. The cow jumped over the moon. And on the way down she met a turtle dove. Said "Let's go rockin' in the cradle of love". CHORUS. Jack and Jill went up the hill. To get a pail of water. Jack fell for Jill, gave her a shove. They fell into the cradle of love. CHORUS. Transcribed by Ronald E. Hontz. [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */Laura and Tommy were lovers. He wanted to give her everything. Flowers, presents and most of all, a wedding ring. He saw a sign for a stock car race. A thousand dollar prize it read. He couldn't get Laura on the phone. So to her mother Tommy said. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura I may be late. I've something to do, that cannot wait. He drove his car to the racing grounds. He was the youngest driver there. The crowed roared as they started the race. 'Round the track they drove at a deadly pace. No one knows what happened that day. How his car overturned in flames. But as they pulled him from the twisted wreck. With his dying breath, they heard him say. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura not to cry. My love for her will never die. And in the chapel where Laura prays. For Tommy who passed away. It was just for Laura he lived and died. Alone in the chapel she can hear him cry. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura not to cry. My love for her will never die. Tell Laura I love herLaura and Tommy were lovers. He wanted to give her everything. Flowers, presents and most of all, a wedding ring. He saw a sign for a stock car race. A thousand dollar prize it read. He couldn't get Laura on the phone. So to her mother Tommy said. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura I may be late. I've something to do that cannot wait. He drove his car to the racing grounds. He was the youngest driver there. The crowd roared as they started the race. 'Round the track they drove at a deadly pace. No one knows what happened that day. How his car overturned in flames. But as they pulled him from the twisted wreck. With his dying breath, they heard him say. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura not to cry. My love for her will never die. And in the chapel where Laura prays. For her Tommy who passed away. It was just for Laura he lived and died. Alone in the chapel she can hear him cry. Tell Laura I love her, tell Laura I need her. Tell Laura not to cry. My love for her will never die. Tell Laura I love her ...I've been made blue, I've been lied to. When will I be loved. I've been turned down, I've been pushed? round. When will I be loved. When I meet a new girl that I want for mine. She always breaks my heart in two, it happens every time. I've been cheated, been mistreated. When will I be loved. When I meet a new girl that I want for mine. She always breaks my heart in two, it happens every time. I've been cheated, been mistreated. When will I be loved. When will I be loved. When will I be lovedDevil or angel, I can't make up my mind. Which one you are? I'd like to wake up and find. Devil or angel dear, whichever you are. I miss you, I miss you, I miss you. Devil or angel, please say, you'll be mine. Love me or leave me, I'll go out of my mind. Devil or angel dear, whichever you are. I need you, I need you, I need you. You look like an angel. Your smile is divine. But you keep me guessin'. Will you ever be mine?. Devil or angel, please say, you'll be mine. Love me or leave me, I've made up my mind. Devil or angel dear, whichever you are. I love you, I love you, I love you. Devil or angel, please say, you'll be mine. Love me or leave me, I've made up my mind. Devil or angel dear, whichever you are. I love you, I love you, I love youInstrumentalAnita Bryant. Miscellaneous. Paper Roses. PAPER ROSES. Anita Bryant/Marie Osmond. I realize the way your eyes deceived me. With tender looks that I mistook for love. So take away the flowers that you gave me. And send the kind that you remind me of. Paper roses paper roses. Oh how real those roses seem to be. But they're only imitation. Like your imitation love for me. I thought that you would be a perfect lover. You seemed so full of sweetness at the start. But like a big red rose that's made of paper. There isn't any sweetness in your heart. Paper roses paper roses. Oh how real those roses seem to be. But they're only imitation. Like your imitation love for me. Like your imitation love for meNAGet up in the mornin' feelin' might weak. A tossin' and a turnin' well, I had ain't no sleep. Oh baby, what road's our love taking?. To romance or heartbreaking'. Won't you say which way you're gonna go. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. 9 and 9 make 14, 4 and 4 make 9. The clock is strikin' 13 I think I lost my mind. You know it's gettin' aggravatin'. How long can I keep waitin'?. Tell me if you love me yes or no?. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. Oh, how much I need you. Have pity on this heart of mine. Well, if you need and want me too. I'll be your one and only till the end of time. Saw the fortune teller, had my fortune read. She sent me to the doctor, who sent me straight to bed. He said I'm lonesome and I'm lovesick. I've got my mind on lipstick. Will you kiss away my cares and woe?. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. Oh, how much I need you. Have pity on this heart of mine. Well, if you need and want me too. I'll be your one and only till the end of time. Saw the fortune teller, had my fortune read. She sent me to the doctor, who sent me straight to bed. He said I'm lonesome and I'm lovesick. I've got my mind on lipstick. Will you kiss away my cares and woe?. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta know. I gotta know, gotta know, gotta knowDreamin', I'm always dreamin'. Dreamin', love will be mine. Searchin', I'm always searchin'. Hopin' someday I'll find. Someone, someone to love me. Someone to need me but until then. Well, I'll keep on dreamin'. Keep right on dreamin'. Dreamin' till my dreamin' comes true. Dreamin', I'm always dreamin'. Dreamin', love will be mine. Searchin' I'm always searchin'. Hopin' someday I'll find. Someone, someone to needs me. Someone to love me but until then. Well, I'll keep on dreamin'. Keep right on dreamin'. Dreamin' till my dreamin' comes true. Well, I'll keep on dreamin'. I got I'll keep on dreamin'. I got I'll keepWhen we kiss my heart's on fire. Burning with a strange desire. And I know, each time I kiss you. That your heart's on fire too. So, my darling, please surrender. All your love so warm and tender. Let me hold you in my arms, dear. While the moon shines bright above. All the stars will tell the story. Of our love and all it's glory. Let us take this night of magic. And make it a night of love. Won't you please surrender to me?. Your lips, your arms, your heart, dear. Be mine forever, be mine tonightCan't you see, I love you. Please don't break my heart in two. That's not hard to do. 'Cause I don't have a wooden heart. And if you say goodbye. Then I know that I would cry. Maybe I would die. 'Cause I don't have a wooden heart. There's no strings upon this love of mine. It was always you from the start. Treat me nice, treat me good. Treat me like you really should. 'Cause I'm not made of wood. And I don't have a wooden heart. Muss I denn, muss I denn. Zum stadtele hinaus. Stadtele hinaus. Und du, mein schat, bleibst hier?. Muss I denn, muss I denn. Zum stadtele hinaus. Stadtele hinaus. Und du, mein schat, bleibst hier?. There's no strings upon this love of mine. It was always you from the start. Sei mir gut, Sei mir gut. Sei mir wie du wirklich sollst. Wie du wirklich sollst. 'Cause I don't have a wooden heartLittle sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Kiss me once or twice. Then say it's very nice. And then you run. Little sister, don't you do. What your big sister done. Well, I dated your big sister. And I took her to a show. I went for some candy, along came Jim Dandy. And they snuck right out the door. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Kiss me once or twice. Then say it's very nice. And then you run. Little sister, don't you do. What your big sister done. Every time I see your sister. Well, she's got somebody new. She's mean and she's evil. Like that old Boll Weevil. Guess, I'll try my luck with you. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Kiss me once or twice. Then say it's very nice. And then you run. Little sister, don't you do. What your big sister done. Well, I used to pull your pigtails. And pinch your turned-up nose. But you been a growin'. And baby, it's been showin'. From your head down to your toes. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Little sister, don't you. Kiss me once or twice. Then say it's very nice. And then you run. Little sister, don't you do. What your big sister done. Little sister, don't you do. What your big sister done. Little sisterI'm a travelin' man. I've made a lot of stops all over the world. And in every port I own the heart. Of at least one lovely girl. I've a pretty Seniorita waiting for me. Down in old Mexico. If you're ever in Alaska stop and see. My cute little Eskimo. Oh my sweet Fraulien down in Berlin town. Makes my heart start to yearn. And my China doll down in old Hong Kong. Waits for my return. Pretty Polynesian baby over the sea. I remember the night. When we walked in the sands of the Waikiki. And I held you oh so tight. Oh my sweet Fraulien down in Berlin town. Makes my heart start to yearn. And my China doll down in old Hong Kong. Waits for my return. Pretty Polynesian baby over the sea. I remember the night. When we walked in the sands of the Waikiki. And I held you oh so tight. Oh, I'm a travelin' man. Yes, I'm a travelin' man. Yes, I'm a travelin' man. Woe, I'm a travelin' manIn the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the quiet jungle, the lion sleeps tonight. Near the village, the peaceful village, the lion sleeps tonight. Near the village, the quiet village, the lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling, don't fear my darling, the lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling, don't fear my darling, the lion sleeps tonightNAMy tears are fallin'. 'Cause you've taken her away. And though it really hurts me so. There's somethin' that I've got to say. Take good care of my baby. Please don't ever make her blue. Just tell her that you love her. Make sure you're thinkin' of her. In everything you say and do. Oh, take good care of my baby. Now don't you ever make her cry. Just let your love surround her. Paint a rainbow all around her. Don't let her see a cloudy sky. Once upon a time. That little girl was mine. If I'd been true. I know she'd never be with you. So, take good care of my baby. Be just as kind as you can be. And if you should discover. That you don't really love her. Just send my baby back home to me. Well, take good care of my baby. Be just as kind as you can be. And if you should discover. That you don't really love her. Just send my baby back home to me. Oh, take good care of my baby. Well, take good care of my baby. Just take good care of my babyJust runnin' scared each place we go. So afraid that he might show. Yeah, runnin' scared, what would I do. If he came back and wanted you. Just runnin' scared, feelin' low. Runnin' scared, you love him so. Just runnin' scared, afraid to lose. If he came back which one would you choose. Then all at once he was standing there. So sure of himself, his head in the air. My heart was breaking, which one would it be. You turned around and walked away with meThis rhythm rhyme you beat at me*. Through angel eyes it's too hard to see. I cant believe I'm all alone in this room. You wage war on me now. This rhythm rhyme it's too much to bear. Through angel eyes I'm alone in their stare. I cant believe I got addicted to you. You wage war on me now. Are you sure you're alive?. Are you sure you can make this feel right?. Are you breathing for me?. Give me some sign you'll wait for me now. My child. I read the paper man, I'ma tearing back another page. You got the best of this, now I'm carving my own way. Am I still supposed to feel, is this still supposed to feel?. You wage war on me now. Are you sure you're alive?. Are you sure you can make this feel right?. Are you breathing for me?. Give me some sign you'll wage war this time. Sell it to me, sell it to me. Sell it to me and I will never reply. Sell it to me, sell it to me. Sell it to me and I will never reply. Give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me and I will never reply. Sell it to me, sell it to me. Sell it to me, you better. Are you sure you're alive?. Are you sure you can make this feel right?. Are you breathing for me?. Give me some sign you'll wait this timeI gotta get some money and get it right away. Because my baby she gave me the word today. She's tired of sittin' home each night, she says she has her fill. And if I don't take her to the dance next week, Johnny will. I checked and found they're sellin' tickets at five bucks each. And all that kinda money ain't within my reach. But if I wanna be the guy who is her only thrill. I better take her to the dance next week or Johnny will. Oh, that Johnny, that no-good Johnny. He's been tryin' to steal my lovin' baby away-a. Sends her candy, sends her flowers. And I never saw her smile the way she smiled at him today. I tried to borrow it from my friends but they said no. Still somehow some way I just gotta get that dough. My future happiness depends on one ten-dollar bill. 'cause if I don't take her to the dance next week,. Johnny will, Johnny will. Oh, that Johnny, that no-good Johnny. He's been tryin' to steal my lovin' baby away-a. Sends her candy, sends her flowers. And I never saw her smile the way she smiled at him today. I tried to borrow it from my friends but they said no. Still somehow some way I just gotta get that dough. My future happiness depends on one ten-dollar bill. 'cause if I don't take her to the dance next week,. Johnny will, Johnny will. Oh that Johnny. Johnny willOnce I had a pretty girl. Her name it doesn't matter. She went away with another guy. Now he won't even look at her. Hats off to Larry. He broke your heart. Just like you broke mine when you. Said we must part. He told you lies. Now it's. Your turn to cry, cry, cry. Now that Larry said goodbye to you. I know this may sound strange. I want you back. I think you'll change. But there's one more thing I gotta say. Hats off to Larry. It may sound cruel. But you laughed at me when you. Said we were through. You told me lies. Now it's. Your turn to cry, cry, cry. Now that Larry said goodbye to you. Hats off to Larry. It may sound cruel. But you laughed at me when you. Said we were through. You told me lies. Now it's. Your turn to cry, cry, cry. Now that Larry said goodbye to you. To you, to youWhen the mist's a-rising. And the rain is falling. And the wind is blowing cold across the moor. I hear the voice of my darlin'. The girl I loved and lost a year ago. (Johnny remember me). Well it's hard to believe I know. But I hear her singing in the sighing of the wind. Blowin' in the tree tops way above me. (Johnny remember me). Yes I'll always remember. Till the day I die. I'll hear her cry. Johnny remember me. Well some day I guess. I'll find myself another little girl. To take the place of my true love. But as long as I live I know. I'll hear her singing in the sighing of the wind. Blowin' in the tree tops way above me. (Johnny remember me). Yes I'll always remember. Till the day I die. I'll hear her cry. Johnny remember me. (Johnny remember me)This is dedicated to the one I love.... While I'm far away from you, my baby,. I know it's hard for you, my baby,. Because it's hard for me, my baby,. And the darkest hour is just before dawn---. Each night before you go to bed, my baby,. Whisper a little prayer for me my baby.. And tell all the stars above. This is dedicated to the one I love.... "Life" can never be exactly like we want it to be.. I could be satisfied knowing you love me.. But there's one thing I want you to do especially for me---. And it's something that everybody needs.. Each night before you go to bed, my baby,. Whisper a little prayer for me, my baby,. And tell all the stars above---. This is dedicated to the one I love.. This is dedicated to the one I love. This is dedicated to the one I love...NARubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Ah-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh. . I'm like a rubber ball. Baby that's all that I am to you (bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). Just a rubber ball. 'cause you think you can be true to two (bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). You bounce my heart around (You don't even put her down). And like a rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. . If you stretch my love till it's thin enough to tear. I'll just stretch my arms to reach you anywhere. And like a rubber ball, I'll come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I'll come bouncin' back to you. . You bounce my heart around (You don't even put her down). And like a rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Ah-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh. (Bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). (Bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). Eee-eee-eee. . I'm like a rubber band. When on my shoulder you do tap (bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). Just a rubber band. Because my heartstrings, they just snap (bouncy, bouncy) (bouncy, bouncy). You go and squeeze me till I'm all aflame. (She calls you by some other guy's name). But like a rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I'll come bouncin' back to you. FADE. Rubber ball, I'll come bouncin' back to you. Rubber ball, I'll come bouncin' back to youThis time we're really breaking up. This time we said way too much. This times for all time. How about this time. This time there'll be no goodnite kiss. This time is forever. This time I find that I'm. Really losing you. My heart is broken now. It really doesn't matter anyhow. Now that you're going away. I only live from day to day. This time there'll be no good nite kiss. This time is forever. This time I find that I'm. Really losing youNAFeel so bad. Feel like a ball game on a rainy day. Feel so bad. Feel like a ball game on a rainy day. Yes I got my rain check. Shake my head and walk away. Ooo people that's the way I feel. Ooo people that's the way I feel. Sometimes I think I want. Then again I think I don't. Sometimes I want to stay here. Then again I want to leave. Sometimes I want to leave here. Then again I want to stay. Yes, I got my train fare. Pack my grip and ride away. Ooo people that's the way I feel. Ooo people that's the way I feel. Sometimes I think I want. Then again I think I don'tWhen the girl in your arms. Is the girl in you heart. Then you have got everything. When you are holding the dream. You've been dreaming you would hold. You're as rich as a king. So hold her tight. And never let her go. Day and night let her know. You love her so. With the love of your life. Spend the lifetime of love. Make her yours for evermore. So hold her tight. And never let her go. Day and night let her know. You love her so. With the love of your life. Spend the lifetime of love. Make her yours for evermore. Make her yours for evermoreIf you've found another guy. Who satisfies you more than I do. Run to him, I'll step aside. If you think his lips can kiss you. Better than my lips can kiss you. Run to him, forget my pride. If someone else's arms can hold you. Better than my arms can hold you. Go to him and show to him all your devotion. If somebody else can make you. Happier than I can make you. Run to him, my tears will dry. If someone else's arms can hold you. Better than my arms can hold you. Go to him and show to him all your devotion. If someone else can make you. Happier than I can make you. Run to him, my tears will dry. If it's me you want to love you. I'll be more than glad to love you. Love you till your life is done. But, darling, if I'm not the one. Then run to himOh well, I'm uh, sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, a hm, ahm. Oh, sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin' home. Oh baby, hurry don't make me worry. Oh yah baby, hurry don't make me worry. Oh, you knew that l love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. Sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, a hm, ahm. Oh, sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin' home. Oh baby, hurry don't make me worry. Oh yah baby, hurry don't make me worry. Oh, you knew that l love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. Sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, a hm, ahm. Sitting here la, la. Waiting for my ya, ya, uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin' home. Oh baby, hurry don't make me worry. Oh yah baby, hurry don't make me worryBar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Barbara Ann, take my hand. Barbara Ann. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin'. Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Went to a dance, looking for romance. Saw Barbara Ann, so I thought I'd take a chance on. Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann, take my hand. Oh Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann, take my hand. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin'. Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Barbara Ann, take my hand. Barbara Ann. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin' Barbara Ann. Bar bar bar bar Barbara Ann. Played our favorite tune. Danced with Betty Lou. Tried Peggy Sue. But I knew they wouldn't do. Oh, Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann. Take my hand. Oh Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann. Take my hand. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin'. Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Played our favorite tune. Danced with Betty Lou. Tried Peggy Sue. But I knew they wouldn't do. Oh Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann. Take my hand. Oh Barbara Ann, Barbara Ann. Take my hand. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin' Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Barbara Ann, take my hand. Barbara Ann. You got me rockin' and a rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin' Barbara Ann. Bar, bar, bar, bar, Barbara Ann. Barbara Ann, Barbara AnnNAReturn to sender. Return to sender. I gave a letter to the postman. He put it in his sack. Bright in early next morning. He brought my letter back. She wrote upon it. Return to sender, address unknown. No such number, no such zone. We had a quarrel, a lover's spat. I write I'm sorry. But my letter keeps coming back. So when I dropped it in the mailbox. And sent a special D. Bright in early next morning. It came right back to me. She wrote upon it. Return to sender, address unknown. No such person, no such zone. This time I'm gonna take it myself. And put it right in her hand. And if it comes back the very next day. Then I'll understand the writing on it. Return to sender, address unknown. No such number, no such zone. Return to sender. Return to sender. Return to sender. Return to senderWise men say. Only fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you. Shall I stay?. Would it be a sin?. If I can't help falling in love with you. Like a river flows, surely to the sea. Darling so it goes, some things are meant to be. Take my hand. Take my whole life too. For I can't help falling in love with you. Like a river flows, surely to the sea. Darling so it goes, some things are meant to be. Take my hand. Take my whole life too. For I can't help falling in love with you. For I can't help falling in love with youDon't want a four leaf clover. Don't want an old horse shoe. Want your kiss 'cause I just can't miss. With a good luck charm like you. Come on and be my little good luck charm. Uh-huh huh, you sweet delight. I want a good luck charm. a-hanging on my arm. To have, to have, to hold, to hold tonight. Don't want a silver dollar. Rabbit's foot on a string. The happiness in your warm caress. No rabbit's foot can bring. Come on and be my little good luck charm. Uh-huh huh, you sweet delight. I want a good luck charm. a-hanging on my arm. To have, to have, to hold, to hold tonight. If I found a lucky penny. I'd toss it across the bay. Your love is worth all the gold on earth. No wonder that I say. Come on and be my little good luck charm. Uh-huh huh, you sweet delight. I want a good luck charm. a-hanging on my arm. To have, to have, to hold, to hold tonightOne, two. One, two, three, four. Hey baby, won't you take a chance?. Say that you'll let me have this dance. Well, let's dance, well, let's dance. We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too. Any old dance that you wanna do. But let's dance, well, let's dance. Hey baby, yeah, you thrill me so. Hold me tight, don't you let me go. But let's dance, well, let's dance. We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too. Any old dance that you wanna do. But let's dance, well let's dance. Okay, wail now. Oh, yeah. Hey baby, if you're all alone. Maybe you'll let me walk you home. But let's dance, well, let's dance. We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too. Any old dance that you wanna do. But let's dance, well, let's dance. Hey baby, things are swingin' right. Yes, I know that this is the night. Well, let's dance, well, let's dance. We'll do the twist, the stomp, the mashed potato too. Any old dance that you wanna do. But let's dance, well, let's dance. But let's dance. But let's dance. But let's dance. ...NAHer hair is soft and her eyes are also blue. She's all the things a girl should be but she's not you. She knows just how to make me laugh when I feel blue. She's everything a man could want but she's not you. And when we're dancing it almost feels the same. I've got to stop myself from whispering your name. She even kisses me like you used to do. And it's just breaking my heart 'cause she's not you. And it's just breaking my heart 'cause she's not you. And when we're dancing it almost feels the same. I've got to stop myself from whispering your name. She even kisses me like you used to do. And it's just breaking my heart 'cause she's not you. And it's just breaking my heart 'cause she's not youNASweet little Sheila, you'll know her if you see her. Blue eyes and a ponytail. Cheeks are rosy, she looks a little nosy. Man, this little girl is fine. Never knew a girl like a little Sheila. Her name drives me insane. Sweet little girl, that's my little Sheila. Man, this little girl is fine. Me and Sheila go for a ride. Oh-oh-oh-oh, I feel all funny inside. Then little Sheila whispers in my ear. Oh-oh-oh-oh, I love you Sheila dear. Sheila said she loved me, she said she'd never leave me. True love will never die. We're so doggone happy just bein' around together. Man, this little girl is fine. Never knew a girl like a little Sheila. Her name drives me insane. Sweet little girl, that's my little Sheila. Man, this little girl is fine. Me and Sheila go for a ride. Oh-oh-oh-oh, I feel all funny inside. Then little Sheila whispers in my ear. Oh-oh-oh-oh, I love you Sheila dear. Sheila said she loved me, she said she'd never leave me. True love will never die. We're so doggone happy just bein' around together. Man, this little girl is fine. Oh, this little girl is fine. Yeah, this little girl is fine. Oh, this little girl is fineWell, they've got a new dance and it goes like this. (Bop shoo-op, a bop bop shoo-op). Yeah, the name of the dance is Peppermint Twist. (Bop shoo-op, a bop bop shoo-op). Well, you like it like this, the Peppermint Twist. It goes round and round, up and down. Round and round, up and down. Round and round and a up and down. And a one two three kick, one two three jump. Well, meet me baby down at 45th street. Where the Peppermint Twisters meet. And you'll learn to do this, the Peppermint Twist. It's alright, all night, it's alright. It's okay, all day, it's okay. You'll learn to do this, the Peppermint Twist. Yeah, yeahWell, shake it up, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby). Twist and shout. (Twist and shout). C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now. (Come on, baby). Come on and work it on out. (Work it on out). Well, work it on out, honey. (Work it on out). You know you look so good. (Look so good). You know you got me goin' now. (Got me goin'). Just like I knew you would. (Like I knew you would). Well, shake it up, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby). Twist and shout. (Twist and shout). C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now. (Come on, baby). Come on and work it on out. (Work it on out). You know you twist your little girl. (Twist, little girl). You know you twist so fine. (Twist so fine). Come on and twist a little closer now. (Twist a little closer). And let me know that you're mine. (Let me know you're mine). Well, shake it up, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby). Twist and shout. (Twist and shout). C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, baby, now. (Come on, baby). Come on and work it on out. (Work it on out). You know you twist your little girl. (Twist, little girl). You know you twist so fine. (Twist so fine). Come on and twist a little closer now. (Twist a little closer). And let me know that you're mine. (Let me know you're mine). Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby). Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby). Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now. (Shake it up, baby)I Remember You. You're the one who made my dreams come true. I remember you-ooh. You're the one who said "I love you, too". Yes, I do, didn'tcha know?. I remember, too, a distant bell and stars that fell. Like the rain out of the blue-ooh-ooh-ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo. When my life is through. And the angels ask me to recall. The thrill of it all. Then I will tell them I remember you-ooh. I remember, too, a distant bell and stars that fell. Just like the rain out of the blue-ooh-ooh-ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo. When my life is through. And the angels ask me to recall. The thrill of it all. Then I will tell them I remember, tell them I remember. Tell them I remember youSweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. How long must I dream?. Dream baby got me dreaming sweet dreams, the whole day through. Dream baby got me dreaming sweet dreams, the night-time too. I love you and I'm dreaming of you, that won't do. Dream baby, make me stop my dreaming, you can make my dreams come true. Sweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. How long must I dream?. Dream baby got me dreaming sweet dreams, the whole day through. Dream baby got me dreaming sweet dreams, the night-time too. I love you and I'm dreaming of you, that won't do. Dream baby, make me stop my dreaming, you can make my dreams come true. Oh sweet dream baby. Yeah sweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. How long must I dream?. Sweet dream baby. Sweet dream baby. Sweet dream babyWhen you're young and so in love as we. And bewildered by the world we see. Why do people hurt us so. Only those in love would know. What a town without pity can do. . If we stop to gaze upon a star. People talk about how bad we are. Ours is not an easy age. We're like tigers in a cage. What a town without pity can do. . The young have problems, many problems. We need an understanding heart. Why don't they help us, try and help us. Before this clay and granite planet falls apart. Take these eager lips and hold me fast. I'm afraid this kind of joy can't last. . How can we keep love alive. How can anything survive. When these little minds tear you in two. What a town without pity can do. . How can we keep love alive. How can anything survive. When these little minds tear you in two. What a town without pity can do. . No it isn't very pretty what a town without pity caaaaan doooo.When you see a gentleman bee. Round a lady bee buzzin'. Just count to ten, then count again. There's sure to be an even dozen. Multiplication. That's the name of the game. And each generation. They play the same. Now, there was two butterflies castin' their eyes. Both in the same direction. You'd never guess that one little yes. Could start a butterfly collection. Multiplication. That's the name of the game. And each generation. They play the same. Let me tell ya now. I say one and one is five. You can call me a silly goat. But, ya take two minks add two winks. Ahh, ya got one mink coat. When a girl gets coy in front of a boy. After three or four dances. Ah, you can just bet she'll play hard to get. To multiply her chances. Multiplication. That's the name of the game. And each generation. You know they play the same. Hear me talkin' to ya. Mother Nature's a clever girl. She relies on habit. Ya take two hares with no cares. Pretty soon you got a room full of rabbits. Parakeets in-between tweets. Sometimes get too quiet. Uh-oh  but, have no fear 'cause soon you'll hear. A parakeet's riot just try it. Multiplication. That's the name of the game. And every generation. You know they play the same. Yeah, it's multiplication. That's the name of the game. And each generation. They play the sameLast night I took a walk after dark. A swingin' place called palisades park. To have some fun and see what I could see. That's where the girls are. I took a ride on a shoot-the-chute. That girl I sat beside was awful cute. After we stopped she was holdin' hands with me. My heart was flyin'. Up like a rocket ship. Down like a roller coaster. Back like a loop-the-loop. And around like a merry-go-round. We ate and ate at a hot dog stand. We danced around to a rockin' band. And when I could I gave that girl a hug. In the tunnel of love. You'll never know how great a kiss can feel. When you stop at the top of a ferris wheel. When I fell in love down at palisades parkEvery night I sit here by my window, window. Starin' at the lonely avenue, avenue. Watchin' lovers holdin' hands n' laughin', laughin'. And thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. Thinkin' of things, like a walk in the park. Things, like a kiss in the dark. Things, like a sailboat ride. Yeah, yeah. What about the night we cried?. Things like a lover's vow. Things that we don't do now. Thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. Memories are all I have to cling to, cling to. And heartaches are the friends I'm talkin' to, talkin' to. When I'm not thinkin' of a just how much I love you, love you. Well, I'ma thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. Thinkin' of things, like a walk in the park. Things, like a kiss in the dark. Things, like a sailboat ride. Yeah, yeah. What about the night we cried?. Things like a lover's vow. Things that we don't do now. Thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. I still can hear the jukebox softly playin', playin'. And the face I see each day belongs to you, belongs to you. Though there's not a single sound and there's nobody else around. Well, it's a just me thinkin' of the things we used to do. Thinkin' of things, like a walk in the park. Things, like a kiss in the dark. Things, like a sailboat ride. Yeah, yeah. What about the night we cried?. Things like a lover's vow. Things that we don't do now. Thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. And the heartaches are the friends I'm talkin' to. You got me thinkin' 'bout the things we used to do. Starin' at the lonelyI only met you just a couple of days ago. I only met you and I want your lovin' so. Ginny-Come-Lately, sweet, sweet as can be-ee-ee-ee. You may have come lately but Ginny-Come-Lately. You're the one for me. I only had to see the sunlight in your hair. Your soft, soft silhouette to know I'd always care. Ginny-Come-Lately, sweet, sweet as can be-ee-ee-ee. You may have come lately but Ginny-Come-Lately. You're the one for me. You only had to smile a little smile. Do nothing more than look at me. You only had to smile and in a little while. I was dreamin' recklessly-ee-ee-ee. I only met you just a couple of days ago. And oh, my love for you has no more room to grow. Ginny-Come-Lately, my dream come true-ooh-ooh-ooh. You may have come lately but Ginny-Come-Lately. I'm in love with youNANANAWhat's your name? I have seen you before. What's your name? May I walk you to your door?. It's so hard to find a personality with charms like yours for me. Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ee. What's your name? Is it Mary or Sue?. What's your name? Do I stand a chance with you?. It's so hard to find a personality with charms like yours for me. Ooh-ee, ooh-ee, ooh-ee. I stood on this corner waiting for you to come along. So my heart could feel satisf-i-ied. So please let me be your Number One. Under the moon, under the stars, and under the sun. Oh-oh, what's your name? (what's your name?) Is it Mary or Sue?. What's your name? Do I stand a chance with you?. It's so hard to find a personality with charms like yours for me. Ooh-ee, ooh-ee, ooh-ee. What's your name?. What's your name?. Shooby-doo-bop-bah-dah!Wop wop wop, wop wop adada dada. Wop wop wop, wop wop adada dada. Wop wop wop, wop wop adada dada. Wop wop wop, wop wop adada dada. Shout, shout, knock yourself out. Come on, yell, yell loud and swell. You gotta scream, scream, you know what I mean. Put another dime in the record machine. Hey, we're having a party now it's just begun. We're all over here and we're having fun. Joe's all alone and he wants to be kissed. While Mary's in the corner and she's doing the twist. So let's shout, shout, knock yourself out. Come on, yell, yell loud and swell. You gotta scream, scream, you know what I mean. Put another dime in the record machine. Hey, play another song like A Runaround Sue. Let's do a dance that we all can do. Turn that jukebox up mighty loud. Let's liven up this crazy crowd. Come on, shout, shout, knock yourself out. Come on, yell, yell loud and swell. You gotta scream, scream, you know what I mean. Put another dime in the record machine. Every party that I intend. Believe now it's the living end. Moving and grooving with some friends of mine. Saturday night now we're having a time. So let's shout, shout, knock yourself out. Come on, yell, yell loud and swell. You gotta scream, scream, you know what I mean. Put another dime in the record machine. Hey, doing the fly with our hands in the sky. Yeah, foot stomping, baby just a you and I. School was out about a quarter to three. And we're having fun, it's plain to see. So let's shout, shout, knock yourself out. Come on, yell, yell loud and swell. You gotta scream, scream, you know what I mean. Put another dime in the record machineYA YA / Lee Dorsey. Oh well I'm uh. Sitting here la la. Waiting for my Ya Ya a hm ahm. Oh sitting here la la. Waiting for my Ya Ya uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin home. Oh baby hurry don't make me worry. Oh yah baby hurry don't make me worry. Oh you knew that l love you. Oh how I love you oh. Sitting here la la. Waiting for my Ya Ya a hm ahm. Oh sitting here lal a. Waiting for my Ya Ya uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin home. Oh baby hurry don't make me worry. Oh yah baby hurry don't make me worry. Oh you knew that l love you. Oh how I love you oh. Sitting here la la. Waiting for my Ya Ya a hm ahm. Sitting here la la. Waiting for my Ya Ya uh. It may sound funny. But I don't think she's comin home. Oh baby hurry don't make me worry. Oh baby hurry don't make me worryA poor man wants the oyster. A rich man wants the pearl. But the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. Come on let's sing, sing brother sing. 'Cause the man who can sing. When he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. A rich man wants the princess. A poor man just wants a girl. But the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. Come on let's sing, sing brother sing. 'Cause the man who can sing. When he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. A poor man wants to be a rich man. A rich man wants to be a king. But the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. Come on let's sing, sing brother sing. 'Cause the man who can sing. When he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. Come on let's sing, sing brother sing. 'Cause the man who can sing. When he hasn't got a thing. He's the king of the whole wide world. Of the whole wide worldBreak it to me gently. Let me down the easy way. Make me feel that you still love me. If it's just, if it's just for one more day. Break it to me gently. So my tears my tears won't fall too fast. If you must go, then go slowly. Let me love you 'till the last. The love we shared for oh so long. Is such a big part of me.. If you must take your love away. Take it gradually. Oh break it, break it to me gently. Give me time or give me a little time to ease the pain. Love me just a little longer. 'Cause I never never love again.. 'Cause I'll never love, never love again.Cliff Richard. Miscellaneous. It'll be me. It’ll Be Me. . If you hear somebody knocking on your door. If you somebody crawlin’ across the floor. Baby it’ll be me. I’ll be lookin’ for you. . Well if you see sombody climbin’ up a telegraph pole. If you find a new lump in your sugar bowl. Baby it’ll be me. I’ll be lookin’ for you. . I’m gonna search in the mountain. Down in the deep blue sea. I’m gonna search the countryside. And look and look in every tree. . If you find a new bait on your fishing hook. If you find a funny face in your comic book. Baby it’ll be me. I’ll be lookin’ for you. . I’m gonna look in the city. Where the lights are blue. I’m gonna search in the forests. And the haystacks too. . If you something shooting out across the stars. If you see a rocket ship on it’s way to Mars. Baby it’ll be me. I’ll be lookin’ for you. . I’ll be lookin’ for you. I’ll be lookin’ for youWhen Liberty Valance rode to town. The women folk would hide, they'd hide. When Liberty Valance walked around. The men would step aside. Because the point of a gun. Was the only law that Liberty understood. When it came to shooting, straight and fast. He was mighty good. From out of the east a stranger came. A law book in his hand, a man. The kind of a man the West would need. To tame a troubled land. 'Cause the point of a gun. Was the only law that Liberty understood. When it came to shooting, straight and fast. He was mighty good. Many a man would face his gun and many a man would fall. The man who shot Liberty Valance. He shot Liberty Valance. He was the bravest of them all. The love of a girl can make a man. Stay on when he should go, stay on. Just trying to build a peaceful life. Where love is free to grow. But the point of a gun. Was the only law that Liberty understood. When the final showdown came to pass. A law book was no good. Alone and afraid she prayed that he'd. Return that fateful night, ahh, that night. When nothing she said could keep. Her man from going out to fight. From the moment a girl gets to be full grown. The very first thing she learns. When two men go out to face each other. Only one returns. Everyone heard two shots ring out. The shot made Liberty fall. The man who shot Liberty Valance. He shot Liberty Valance. He was the bravest of them all. The man who shot Liberty Valance. He shot Liberty Valance. He was the bravest of them allYou look like an angel. Walk like an angel. Talk like an angel. But I got wise. You're the devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguise. You fooled me with your kisses. You cheated and you schemed. Heaven knows how you lied to me. You're not the way you seemed. You look like an angel. Walk like an angel. Talk like an angel. But I got wise. You're the devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguise. I thought that I was in heaven. But I was sure surprised. Heaven help me, I didn't see. The devil in your eyes. You look like an angel. Walk like an angel. Talk like an angel. But I got wise. You look devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguise. You look devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguise. Oh yes, you are the devil in disguiseNACHORUS:. . Louie Louie, oh no. Me gotta go. Aye-yi-yi-yi, I said. Louie Louie, oh baby. Me gotta go. . Fine little girl waits for me. Catch a ship across the sea. Sail that ship about, all alone. Never know if I make it home. . CHORUS. . Three nights and days I sail the sea. Think of girl, constantly. On that ship, I dream she's there. I smell the rose in her hair.. . CHORUS. . Okay, let's give it to 'em, right now!. . GUITAR SOLO. . See, see Jamaica, the moon above. It won't be long, we'll be below. Take her in my arms again. I'll tell her I'll never leave again. . CHORUS. . Let's take it on outa here now. Let's go!!NAWe're all goin' on a summer holiday. No more workin' for a week or two. Fun and laughter on a summer holiday. No more worries for me or you. For a week or two. We're goin' where the sun shines brightly. We're goin' where the sea is blue. We've seen it in the movies. Now let's see if it's true. Everybody has a summer holiday. Doin' things they always wanted to. So we're goin' on a summer holiday. To make our dreams come true. For me and you. We're goin' where the sun shines brightly. We're goin' where the sea is blue. We've seen it in the movies. Now let's see if it's true. Everybody has a summer holiday. Doin' things they always wanted to. So we're goin' on a summer holiday. To make our dreams come true. For me and youTwo girls for every boy. I bought a '30 Ford wagon and we call it a woody. (Surf City, here we come). You know it's not very cherry, it's an oldie but a goody. (Surf City, here we come). Well, it ain't got a back seat or a rear window. But it still gets me where I wanna go. And we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. You know we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. You know we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun, now. Two girls for every boy. You see they never roll the streets up 'cause there's always somethin' goin'. (Surf City, here we come). You know they're either out surfin' or they got a party growin'. (Surf City, here we come). Well, with two swingin' honeys for every guy. And all you gotta do is just wink your eye. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. You know we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun, now. Two girls for every boy. And if my woody breaks down on me somewhere on the surf route. (Surf City, here we come). I'll strap my board to my back and hitch a ride in my wetsuit. (Surf City, here we come). And when I get to Surf City I'll be shootin' the curl. And checkin' out the parties for a surfer girl. And we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. You know we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, 'cause it's two to one. Ya, we're goin' to Surf City, gonna have some fun, now. Two girls for every. Two girls for every boyHa-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-a, wipeout . (Instrumental)NAWhen I was just a little baby. I didn't have many toys. But my momma used to say son. You got more than other boys. Now you may not be good looking. And you may not be too rich. But you'll never ever be alone. 'Cause you've got lucky lips. Lucky lips are always kissing. Lucky lips are never blue. Lucky lips will always. Find a pair of lips so true. I don't need a four leaf clover. Rabbit foot or a good luck charm. With lucky lips you'll always. Have a baby in your arms. Now I never get heartbroken. No, I'll never get the blues. And if I play that game of love. I know I just can't lose. When they spin that wheel of fortune. All I do is kiss my chips. And I know I'm bound to win, yeah. 'Cause I've got lucky lips. Lucky lips are always kissing. Lucky lips are never blue. Lucky lips will always find. A pair of lips so true. Don't need a four leaf clover. Rabbit's foot or a good luck charm. With lucky lips you'll always have. A baby in your arms. Lucky lips are always kissing. Lucky lips are never blue. Lucky lips will always find. A love's that's true. I need a four leaf clover. Rabbit's foot or a good luck charm. With lucky lips you'll always have. A baby in your armsWell, he walked up to me and he asked me if I wanted to dance.. He looked kinda nice and so I said I might take a chance.. When he danced he held me tight. And when he walked me home that night. All the stars were shining bright. And then he kissed me.. Each time I saw him I couldn't wait to see him again.. I wanted to let him know that he was more than a friend.. I didn't know just what to do. So I whispered I love you. And he said that he loved me too. And then he kissed me.. He kissed me in a way that I've never been kissed before,. He kissed me in a way that I wanna be kissed forever more.. I knew that he was mine so I gave him all the love that I had. And one day he took me home to meet his mom and his dad.. Then he asked me to be his bride. And always be right by his side.. I felt so happy I almost cried. And then he kissed me.. Then he asked me to be his bride. And always be right by his side.. I felt so happy I almost cried. And then he kissed me.. And then he kissed me.. And then he kissed meNAI met him on a Monday and my heart stood still. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. Somebody told me that his name was Bill. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. Yeah, my heart stood still. Yes, his name was Bill. And when he walked me home. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. I knew what he was doing when he caught my eye. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. He looked so quiet but my oh my. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. Yeah, he caught my eye. Yes, oh my, oh my. And when he walked me home. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. He picked me up at seven and he looked so fine. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. Someday soon I'm gonna make him mine. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ron. Yeah, he looked so fine. Yes, I'll make him mine. And when he walked me home. Da doo ron-ron-ron, Da doo ron-ronA candy-colored clown they call the Sandman. Tiptoes to my room every night. Just to sprinkle stardust and to whisper. "Go to sleep, everything is all right". I close my eyes, then I drift away. Into the magic night, I softly say. A silent prayer like dreamers do. Then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you. In dreams I walk with you. In dreams I talk to you. In dreams you're mine all of the time. We're together in dreams, in dreams. But just before the dawn. I awake and find you gone. I can't help it, I can't help it, if I cry. I remember that you said goodbye. It's too bad that all these things. Can only happen in my dreams. Only in dreams. In beautiful dreamsDa-da-daa da-da-dum dum daa. Da-da-daa da-da-dum dum daa. If there's anything that you want. If there's anything I can do. Just call on me, and I'll send it along. With love from me to you. I got everything that you want. Like a heart that's, oh, so true. Just call on me, and I'll send it along. With love from me to you. I got arms that long to hold you and keep you by my side. I got lips that long to kiss you and keep you satisfied. Ooh!. If there's anything that you want. If there's anything I can do. Just call on me, and I'll send it along. With love from me to you. From me. To you. Just call on me, and I'll send it along. With love from me to you. I got arms that long to hold you and keep you by my side. I got lips that long to kiss you and keep you satisfied. Ooh!. If there's anything that you want. If there's anything I can do. Just call on me, and I'll send it along. With love from me to you. To you. To you. To youNAI said, "Take it easy, baby. I worked all day and my feet feel just like lead. You got my shirt tails flyin' all over the place. And the sweat poppin' out of my head". She said, "Hey, bossa nova baby. Keep on workin' for this ain't no time to quit". She said, "Go, bossa nova baby keep on dancin'. I'm about to have myself a fit". Bossa nova, bossa nova. I said, “Hey little mama, let's sit down. Have a drink and dig the band". She said, "Drink, drink, drink oh, fiddle-de-dink. I can dance with a drink in my hand". She said, "Hey bossa nova baby. Keep on workin' for this ain't no time to drink". She said, "Go bossa nova baby. Keep on dancin', 'cause I ain't got time to think". Bossa nova, bossa nova. I said, "Come on baby, it's hot in here. And it's oh so cool outside. If you lend me a dollar, I can buy some gas. And we can go for a little ride". She said, "Hey bossa nova baby. Keep on workin' for I ain't got time for that". She said, "Go bossa nova baby. Keep on dancin' or I'll find myself another cat". Bossa nova, bossa nova. Bossa nova, bossa nova. Bossa nova, bossa novaNAThey say, I'll love again, someday. A true love will come my way, the next time. But after you, there'll be, never be, a next time for me. They say that, I'll find happiness in someone. Else, warm caress, the next time. I'll soon forget, your kiss and heartaches, such as this will. Just be ancient history. They say that, I'm a fool to weep. That, I won't go on losing sleep, the next time. And someone else will mend the heart you've broken in two. But how can I fall in love the next time?. When I'm still, so much in love with you. When I'm still, so much in love with youWhen I was young my father said. "Son, I have something to say". And what he told me, I'll never forget. Until my dyin' day. He said, "Son, you are a bachelor boy. And that's the way to stay. Son, you be a bachelor boy. Until your dyin' dayâ€. When I was sixteen I fell in love. With a girl as sweet as can be. But I remembered just in time. What my daddy said to me. He said, "Son you are a bachelor boy. And that's the way to stay. Son, you be a bachelor boy. Until your dyin' dayâ€. As time goes by I probably will. Meet a girl and fall in love. Then I'll get married have a wife and a child. And they'll be my turtle doves. But until then I'll be a bachelor boy. And that's the way I'll stay. Happy to be a bachelor boy. Until my dyin' day. Yeah, I'll be a bachelor boy. And that's the way I'll stay. Happy to be a bachelor boy. Until my dyin' day[Instrumental]Go away, little girl, go away, little girl. I'm not supposed to be alone with you. I know that your lips are sweet. But our lips must never meet. I belong to someone else and I must be true. Oh, go away, little girl, go away, little girl. It's hurtin' me more each minute that you delay. When you are near me like this. You're much too hard to resist. So, go away, little girl, before I beg you to stay. [Unverified] go away. [Unverified] please don't stay. [Unverified] it'll never work out. When you are near me like this. You're much too hard to resist. So, go away, little girl. Call it a day, little girl. Oh, please, go away, little girl. Before I beg you to stay. Go awayOohh, now that I love a girl and, ah, Ruby is her name. Hear me talking, now. This girl don't love me, but I. Love her just the same. What I say. Woah, oh, oh, oh. Ruby, Ruby, how I want ya. Like a ghost, I'm, uh, caught up on ya. Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, will you be mine?. Sometime. Oh, each time I see you, baby my heart cries. Aw, it does, Ruby. I tell ya, I'm gonna steal you away from all those guys. I didn't want to. Woah, oh, oh, oh. From the happy day I met you, now. I made a bet that I was goin' to get ya. Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, will you be mine?. Hear me talking. In time, now. Hey, hey! Come to me now. Hey, hey! Comin' together. Hey, hey!. Well, I'll tell ya. Now I love this girl, I said Ruby is her name, ah. Believe me now. When this grl looks at me she sets. My soul toAnother Saturday Night, that I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way, let me tell you about, look it here. I got to town a month ago,. I seen a lot of girls since then. If I could meet 'em I could get 'em. But as yet I haven't met 'em. That's why I'm in the shape I'm in. Here, another Saturday Night that I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way. Now, another fella told me,. He had a sister who looked just fine. Instead of being my deliverance. She had a strange resemblance. To a cat named Frankenstein. Here, another Saturday Night, and I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had some chick to talk to. I'm in an awful way, Yah. Man, another Saturday Night, ain't got nobody. If I had been a good night it ought to be swinging, two chicks on my arm. Lord, sad [?]. Let me tell you now, hu. It's a hard on a fella, when he don't know his way around. If I don't find me a honey to help me spend my money. I'm gonna have to blow this town. Here, another Saturday Night, and I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful. Here it is, another Saturday Night, but I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had some chick to talk to. I'm in an awful, One more time, . Another Saturday Night, but I ain't got nobody. I got some money, 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wished I had some chick to talk to. I'm in an awful way ........If some guy tells you I don't care. And tells you lies while I'm not there. Don't talk to him. And if he tells you I'm untrue. Then darling here's what you must do. Don't talk to him. And if he tells you I've been seen. Walking round with Sue and Jean. He's lying again (lying again). Do anything that you want to. But darling this I beg of you. Don't talk to him. If you hear the words he has to say he'll break your heart. Let your love for me prove strong while we are far apart. So just remember what I say. And trust in me while I'm away. For I'll be true. And just remember my true love. Is brighter than the moon above for only you. And if this guy should try to say. My love for your is only play - merely a whim (merely a whim). Just close your eyes and count to ten. Think of me again. But don't you talk to him. And if he tells you I've been seen. Walking round with Sue and Jean. He's lying again (lying again). Do anything that you want to. But darling this I beg of you. Don't talk to him. If you hear the words he has to say he'll break your heart. Let your love for me prove strong while we are far apart. So just remember what I say. Trust in me while I'm away. For I'll be true. And just remember my true love. Is brighter than the moon above for only you. And if this guy should try to say. My love for your is only play - merely a whim (merely a whim). Close your eyes, count to ten. Think of me again. But don't you talk to himNAShoobie doobie doobie doobie doo wop bop (x2). One fine day. You'll look at me. And you will know. Our love was meant be. One fine day. You're gonna want me for your girl. Shoobie doobie doobie doobie doo wop bop (x2). The arms I long for. Will open wide. And you'll be proud to have me. Right by your side. One fine day. You're gonna want me for your girl. Shoobie doobie doobie doobie doo wop bop. Shoobie doobie doo wop.... . Though I know you're the kind of boy. Who only wants to run around. I'll be waiting and someday darlin'. You'll come to me. When you want to settle down. Oh!. One fine day. We'll meet once more. Then you'll want the love. You threw away before. One fine day. You're gonna want me for your girl. Ah.... One fine day. You're gonna want me for your girl. One fine day. You're gonna want me for your girl (One fine day). One fine day (Oh yeah). You're gonna want me for your girl (One fine day)...THE MONKEY TIME. Major Lance. There's a place right across town, whenever you're ready. Where people gather 'round, whenever they're ready. And then the music begins to play. You feel a groove comin' on its way. Are you ready (are you ready). Well, you get yours, cause-a I got mine. For the Monkey Time (Monkey Time). (Monkey Time). Now the dance that the people do, I don't know how it started. All I know is that when the beat brings a feel. It's so hard to get parted. And then the music begins to play. Automatically you're on your way. Are you ready (are you ready). Well, you get yours, cause-a I got mine. For the Monkey Time (Monkey Time). (Monkey Time). Do the Monkey, yeah (do the Monkey Time). Do the Monkey, yeah (do the Monkey Time). Ah-twist them hips (twist them hips). Let your backbone slip (let your backbone slip). Now move your feet (move your feet). Get on the beat (get on the beat). Are you ready (are you ready). Well, you get yours, cause-a I got mine. For the Monkey Time (Monkey Time). (Monkey Time). Now the dance that the people do, I don't know how it started. All I know is that when the beat brings a feel. It's so hard to get parted. And then the music begins to play. Automatically you're on your way. Are you ready (are you ready). Well, you get yours, cause-a I got mine. For the Monkey Time (Monkey Time). Ah, do the Monkey, yeah. Give me a big strong line. You're lookin' real fineLittle surfer, little one. Made my heart come all undone. Do you love me, do you surfer girl?. Surfer girl, my little surfer girl. I have watched you on the shore. Standing by the ocean's roar. Do you love me, do you surfer girl?. Surfer girl, surfer girl. We could ride the surf together. While our love would grow.   (Oh). In my woody I would take you everywhere I go. So I say from me to you. I will make your dreams come true. Do you love me, do you surfer?. Little surfer girl, my little surfer girl. (Little). Little surfer girl, my little surfer girl. (Little). Little surfer girl, my little surfer girlOh, I got a woman, mean as she can be. Well, I got a woman, mean as she can be. Sometimes I think she's almost mean as me. She gotta ruby lips, she got shapely hips, yeah. Boy, she makes ole Roy flip. I got a woman, mean as she can be. Sometimes I think she's almost mean as me. Well, I ain't braggin', it's understood. Everything I do, well, I sure do it good. Yeah, I got a woman, mean as she can be. Sometimes I think she's almost mean as me, well. She gotta ruby lips, she got shapely hips, yeah. Boy, she makes ole Roy flip. I got a woman, mean as she can be. Sometimes I think she's almost mean as me, easy now. Real low now. Now let's go one time. Yeah, I got a woman. Yeah, I got a woman. Yeah, I got a woman. Yeah, I got a woman. And sometimes I think she's almost mean as meBroke my heart. We're apart. Think she's smart. I met a girl a month ago. I thought that she would love me so. But in time I realized. She had a pair of roving eyes. I remember the nights we dated. Always actin' sophisticated. Talkin' 'bout high society. Oh, then she tried to make a fool out of me. They call her. Broke my heart now. Thinks she's smart now. We're apart now. Pretty little girl, You're just having fun. You're runnin' all around and breakin' lovers hearts. Pretty little girl, I don't stand a chance. Without any money there goes our romance. She always wears charms, diamonds, pearls galore. She buys them at the 5 and 10 cent store. She wants to be just like Zsa Zsa Gabor. Even though she's the girl next store. They call her. Broke my heart now. Thinks she's smart now. We're apart. Oh, pretty little girl, you're just having fun. Runnin' all around you're breakin' lovers hearts. Pretty little girl, I don't stand a chance. Without any money there goes our romance. She always wears charms, diamonds, pearls galore. She buys them at the 5 and 10 cent store. She wants to be just like Zsa Zsa Gabor. Even though she's Donna next store. Woah. Woah. Woah. Yeah. Woah, now tell me, woahSweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. Your first sweet kiss thrilled me so. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. I'll never ever let you go. If you wanted that star that shines so brightly. To match the stardust in your eye. Darling, I would chase that bright star nightly. And try to steal it from the sky. And I would bring. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. Your first sweet kiss thrilled me so. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. I'll never ever let you go. If you wanted a king to keep you smilin'. I'd tell the sandman you were blue. And I'd ask him to keep that sand a-pilin'. Until your dreams had all come true. And I would bring. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. Your first sweet kiss thrilled me so. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. I'll never ever let you go. And if you wanted a love to last forever. Darlin' I would send my love your way. And my love'd not only last forever. But forever and a day. And I would bring. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. Your first sweet kiss thrilled me so. Sweets for my sweet, sugar for my honey. I'll never ever let you goYou don't have to be a baby to cry. All you need is for love to go wrong. You don't have to be a baby to cry. Or to lie awake the whole night long. . When you leave me my golden rainbow disappears. And you leave me a broken heart that's full of tears. . These ain't rainbows in my eyes, why should I lie. You don't have to be a baby to cry. . When you leave me my golden rainbow disappears. And you leave me a broken heart that's full of tears. . These ain't rainbows in my eyes, why should I lie. You don't have to be a baby to cry. You don't have to be a baby to cry. You don't have to be a baby to cryWho wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for sale. Well, excuse me if you see me. Crying like a baby. Since she rejected me. There's nothing left to save me. Who wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for sale. Well she would not listen to. The things my heart was saying. She turned and walked away. And told me I was playing. Some guys have all the luck. And my heart hasn't any. I think, I'll paint a sign. A sale, for a penny. Who wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for sale. Who wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for sale. Who wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for sale. Who wants to buy a heart. One broken lover's heart. One broken heart for saleWhen some loud braggart tries to put me down. And says his school is great. I tell him right away. "Now what's the matter buddy. Ain't you heard of my school. It's number one in the state". So be true to your school now. Just like you would to your girl or guy. Be true to your school now. And let your colors fly. Be true to your school. I got a letterman's sweater. With a letter in front. I got for football and track. I'm proud to where it now. When I cruise around. The other parts of the town. I got a decal in back. So be true to your school now. Just like you would to your girl or guy. Be true to your school now. And let your colors fly. Be true to your school. On Friday we'll be jacked. Up on the football game. And I'll be ready to fight. We're gonna smash 'em now. My girl will be working. On her pom-poms now. And she'll be yelling tonight. So be true to your school now. Just like you would to your girl or guy. Be true to your school now. And let your colors fly. Be true to your school. Rah rah rah be true to your school. Rah rah rah be true to your school. Rah rah rah be true to your school. Rah rah rah be true to your schoolWhen you just give love. And never get love. You'd better let love depart. I know it so. And yet I know. I can't get you out of my heart. You. Made me leave my happy home. You took my love and now you're gone. Since I fell for you. Love. Brings such misery and pain. I guess I'll never be the same. Since I fell for you. Well it's too bad. And it's too sad. But I'm in love with you. You love me. Then you snub me. But what can I do. I'm still in love with you. Well I. Guess I'll never see the light. I get the blues most every night. Since I fell for you. Since I fell for you...Bobby Vee. Miscellaneous. The Night Has A Thousand Eyes. The Night Has A Thousand Eyes. -Artist: Bobby Vee from "Very Best Of Bobby Vee"-United Artists-UA LA 332E. -peak Billboard position # 3 in 1962-63. -Words and Music by Benjamin Weisman, Dorothy Wayne, and Marilynn Garrett. They say that you're a runaround lover. Though you say it isn't so. But if you put me down for another. I'll know, believe me, I'll know. CHORUS. 'cause the night has a thousand eyes. And a thousand eyes can't help but see if you are true to me. So remember when you tell those little white lies. That the night has a thousand eyes. You say that you're at home when you phone me. And how much you really care. Though you keep telling me that you're lonely. I'll know if someone is there. CHORUS. One of these days you're gonna be sorry. 'cause your game I'm gonna play. And you'll find out without really tryin'. Each time that my kisses stray. 'cause the night has a thousand eyes. And a thousand eyes will see me too. And no matter what I do. I could never disguise all my little white lies. 'cause the night has a thousand eyes. So remember when you tell those little white lies. That the night has a thousand eyes. Transcribed by Robin Hood. These lyrics were transcribed from the specific recording mentioned above. and do not necessarily correspond with lyrics from other recordings, sheet. music, songbooks or lyrics printed on album jackets.Oh, yeah, I tell you something. I think you'll understand. When I say that something's. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. Oh, please say to me. You'll let me be your man. And, please, say to me. You'll let me hold your hand. You'll let me hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. And when I touch you, I feel happy inside. It's such a feeling that my love. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. Yeah, you got that something. I think you'll understand. When I say that something's. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. And when I touch you, I feel happy inside. It's such a feeling that my love. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. Yeah, you got that something. I think you'll understand. When I feel that something. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your handShe loves you, yeah yeah yeah. She loves you, yeah yeah yeah. She loves you, yeah yeah yeah yeah. . You think you've lost your love. Well, I saw her yesterday. It's you she's thinking of. And she told me what to say. . She says she loves you. And you know that can't be bad. Yes, she loves you. And you know you should be glad. . She said you hurt her so. She almost lost her mind. But now she says she knows. You're not the hurting kind. . She says she loves you. And you know that can't be bad. Yes, she loves you. And you know you should be glad, ooh!. . She loves you, yeah yeah yeah. She loves you, yeah yeah yeah. With a love like that. You know you should be glad. . You know it's up to you. I think it's only fair. Pride can hurt you too. Apologize to her. . Because she loves you. And you know that can't be bad. She loves you. And you know you should be glad, ooh!. . She loves you, yeah yeah yeah. She loves you, yeah yeah yeah. With a love like that. You know you should be glad. . With a love like that. You know you should be glad. With a love like that. You know you should, be glad!. . Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeahBaby's good to me, you know. She's happy as can be, you know. She said so. I'm in love with her and I feel fine. Baby says she's mine, you know. She tells me all the time, you know. She said so. I'm in love with her and I feel fine. I'm so glad that she's my little girl (ooh-ooh). She's so glad she's telling all the world (ooh-ooh). That her baby buys her things, you know. He buys her diamond rings, you know. She said so. She's in love with me and I feel fine. Baby says she's mine, you know. She tells me all the time, you know. She said so. I'm in love with her and I feel fine. I'm so glad that she's my little girl (ooh-ooh). She's so glad she's telling all the world (ooh-ooh). That her baby buys her things, you know. He buys her diamond rings, you know. She said so. She's in love with me and I feel fine. She's in love with me and I feel fineIt's been a hard day's night, and I've been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I find the things that you do. Will make me feel alright. You know I work all day to get you money to buy you things. And it's worth it just to hear you say you're gonna give me everything. So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone. You know I feel OK. When I'm home, everything seems to be right. When I'm home, feeling you holding me tight, tight. It's been a hard day's night, and I've been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I find the things that you do. Will make me feel alright owww!. So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone. You know I feel OK. When I'm home, everything seems to be right. When I'm home, feeling you holding me tight, tight. It's been a hard day's night, and I've been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I find the things that you do. Will make me feel alright. You know I feel alright. You know I feel alrightCan't buy me love, love. Can't buy me love. I'll buy you a diamond ring my friend. If it makes you feel all right. I'll get you anything my friend. If it makes you feel all right. 'Cause I don't care too much for money. For money can't buy me love. I'll give you all I've got to give. If you say you love me too. I may not have a lot to give. But what I've got I'll give to you. I don't care too much for money. For money can't buy me love. Can't buy me love. Everybody tells me so. Can't buy me love. No no no, no. Say you don't need no diamond rings. And I'll be satisfied. Tell me that you want the kind of things. That money just can't buy. I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love. Can't buy me love. Everybody tells me so. Can't buy me love. No no no, no. Say you don't need no diamond rings. And I'll be satisfied. Tell me that you want the kind of things. That money just can't buy. I don't care too much for money. Money can't buy me love. Can't buy me love, love. Can't buy me love, ohWell, shake it up, baby, now (shake it up, baby). Twist and shout (twist and shout). Come on, come on, come on, come on, baby now (come on, baby). Come on and work it on out (work it on out). Well, work it on out, honey (work it on out). You know, you look so good (look so good). You know, you got me goin' now (got me goin'). Just like I knew you would (like I knew you would). Well, shake it up, baby, now (shake it up, baby). Twist and shout (twist and shout). Come on, come on, come on, come on, baby, now (come on, baby). Come on and work it on out (work it on out). You know you twist you, little girl (twist, little girl). You know you twist so fine (twist so fine). Come on and twist a little closer now (twist a little closer). And let me know that you're mine (let me know you're mine). Yeah, shake it up, baby, now (shake it up, baby). Twist and shout (twist and shout). Come on, come on, come on, come on, baby, now (come on, baby). Come on and work it on out (work it on out). You know you twist you, little girl (twist, little girl). You know you twist so fine (twist so fine). Come on and twist a little closer now (twist a little closer). And let me know that you're mine (let me know you're mine). Well, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby, now (shake it up, baby)Last night I said these words to my girl. I know you never even try, girl. C'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon). Please please me, whoa yeah, like I please you. You don't need me to show the way, love. Why do I always have to say "love". C'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon). Please please me, whoa yeah, like I please you. I don't wanna sound complaining. But you know there's always rain in my heart (In my heart). I do all the pleasing with you, it's so hard to reason. With you, whoah yeah, why do you make me blue. Last night I said these words to my girl. I know you never even try, girl. C'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon), c'mon (C'mon). Please please me, whoa yeah, like I please you. (Me) Whoa yeah, like I please you. (Me) Whoa yeah, like I please youCallin' out around the world. Are you ready for a brand new beat?. Summer's here and the time is right. For dancin' in the streets. They're dancin' in Chicago. Down in New Orleans. Up in New York City. All we need is music, sweet music. There'll be music everywhere. There'll be swingin', swayin' and records playin'. And dancin' in the streets. Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear. Just as long as you are there. So come on, every guy grab a girl. Everywhere around the world. There'll be dancin'. They're dancin' in the street. This is an invitation across the nation. A chance for the folks to meet. There'll be laughin' and singin' and music swingin'. And dancin' in the streets. Philadelphia, PA. (Philadelphia, PA). Baltimore and DC now. (Baltimore and DC now). Yeah, don't forget the Motor City. (Can't forget the Motor City). All we need is music, sweet music. There'll be music everywhere. There'll be swingin', swayin' and records playin'. And dancin' in the street, yeah. Oh, it doesn't matter what you wear. Just as long as you are there. So come on, every guy grasp a girl. Everywhere around the world. There'll be dancin'. They're dancin' in the streets. Philadelphia, PA. (Philadelphia, PA). Baltimore and DC now. (Baltimore and DC now). Yeah, don't forget the Motor City. (Can't forget the Motor City). All the way down in LA, California. Not to mention Halifax, Nova Scotia, Manchester. Alexandria, Virginia, VirginiaFrankie Valli and the Four Seasons. (Bob Crewe & Bob Gaudio). (Rag doll, ooh.) (Hand me down). When she was just a kid. her clothes were hand-me-downs.. (Hand-me-down). They always laughed at her when she came into town.. Called her rag doll. Little rag doll. Such a pretty face should be dressed in lace.. Ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh. Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh.. (Shag rag doll). I'd change her sad rags into glad rags if I could (if I could).. My folks won't let me cause they say that she's no good.. She's a rag doll, such a rag doll; though I love her so. I can't let her know.. Ooh ooh ooh ooh oh. Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh oh.. Aah aah aah aah aah. I love you just they way you are.One, Two, Three, Four. •••. Well she was just seventeen. You know what I mean. And the way she looked. Was way beyond compare. So how could I dance with another. Oh!. When I saw her standing there. Well she looked at me. And I, I could see. That before too long. I'd fall in love with her. She wouldn't dance with another. Woo!. When I saw her standing there. Well my heart went boom. When I crossed that room. And I held her hand. In mine. Well, we danced through the night. And we held each other tight. And before too long. I fell in love with her. Now I'll never dance with another. Woo!. Since I saw her standing there. Ahh!. Ah, ah, ah. •••. Well my heart went boom. When I crossed that room. And I held her hand. In mine. Ohh! (Woaw!). We danced through the night. And we held each other tight. And before too long. I fell in love with her. Now I'll never dance with another. Ooh!. Since I saw her standing there. Whoa, since I saw her standing there. Yeah, well since I saw her standing thereLove, love me do. You know I love you. I'll always be true. So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Love, love me do. You know I love you. I'll always be true. So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Someone to love. Somebody new. Someone to love. Someone like you. Love, love me do. You know I love you. I'll always be true. So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Love, love me do. You know I love you. I'll always be true. So please, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Yeah, love me do. Whoa, love me do. Yeah, love me doYou say that you love (Say you love me). All of the time (All of the time). You say that you need me (Say you need me). You'll always be mine (Always be mine). I'm feelin' glad all over. Yes, I'm a-glad all over. Baby, I'm glad all over. So glad you're mine. I'll make you happy (Make you happy). You'll never be blue (Never be blue). You'll have no sorrow (Have no sorrow). 'Cause I'll always be true (Always be true). And I'm feelin' glad all over. Yes, I'm a-glad all over. Baby, I'm glad all over. So glad you're mine. Other girls may try to take me away (Take me away). But you know, it's by your side I will stay. I-I'll stay. Our love will last, now (Our love will last). 'Til the end of time (End of time). Because this love, now (Because this love). Is only yours and mine (Yours and mine). And I'm feelin' glad all over. Yes, I'm a-glad all over. Oh, baby, I'm glad all over. So glad you're mine. Other girls may try to take me away (Take me away). But you know, it's by your side I will stay. I-I'll stay. Our love will last, now (Our love will last). 'Til the end of time (End of time). Because this love, now (Because this love). Is only yours and mine (Yours and mine). And I'm feelin' glad all over. Yes, I'm a-glad all over. Baby, I'm a-glad all over. So glad you're mine. So glad you're mine, now. (Mi-i-i-i-i-i-ine). I said I'm so glad you're mine. (Mi-i-i-i-i-i-ine). So glad you're mine, now. (Mi-i-i-i-i-i-ine). Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. (Mi-i-i-i-ine)Your baby doesn't love you any more. Golden days before they end. Whisper secrets to the wind. Your baby won't be near you any more. Tender nights before they fly. Send falling stars that seem to cry. Your baby doesn't want you any more, it's over. It breaks your heart in two, to know she's been untrue. But, oh, what will you do when she says to you. "There's someone new, we're through, we're through ". It's over, it's over, it's over. All the rainbows in the sky. Start to weep then say goodbye. You won’t be seeing rainbows anymore. Setting suns before they fall. Echo to you that’s all, that’s all. But you’ll see lonely sunsets after all. It's over, it's over. It's over, it's overRound round get around. I get around. Yeah. Get around round round I get around. I get around. Get around round round I get around. From town to town. Get around round round I get around. I'm a real cool head. Get around round round I get around. I'm makin' real good bread. I'm gettin' bugged driving up and down the same old strip. I gotta find a new place where the kids are hip. My buddies and me are getting real well known. Yeah, the bad guys know us and they leave us alone. I get around. Get around round round I get around. From town to town. Get around round round I get around. I'm a real cool head. Get around round round I get around. I'm makin' real good bread. Get around round round I get around. I get around. Round. Get around round round oooo. Wah wa ooo. Wah wa ooo. Wah wa ooo. We always take my car cause it's never been beat. And we've never missed yet with the girls we meet. None of the guys go steady cause it wouldn't be right. To leave their best girl home now on Saturday night. I get around. Get around round round I get around. From town to town. Get around round round I get around. I'm a real cool head. Get around round round I get around. I'm makin' real good bread. Get around round round I get around. I get around. Round. Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah. Round round get around. I get around. Yeah. Get around round round I get around. Get around round round I get around. Wah wa ooo. Get around round round I get around. Oooo ooo ooo. Get around round round I get around. Ahh ooo ooo. Get around round round I get around. Ahh ooo ooo. Get around round round I get around. Ahh ooo oooGirl, you really got me goin'. You got me so I don't know what I'm doin'. Girl, you really got me now. You got me so I can't sleep at night. Girl (Girl), you really got me now. You got me so I don't know where I'm goin'. Oh yeah (Yeah), you really got me now. You got me so I can't sleep at night. You really got me (Oh!). You really got me (Whoa-oh). You really got me. Please, don't ever let me be. I only wanna be by your side. Please, don't ever let me be. I only wanna be by your side. Girl (Girl), you really got me now. You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' yeah. Oh yeah (Yeah), you really got me now. Got me so I can't sleep at night. You really got me (Ah-ha!). You really got me (Ah-ha!). You really got me. Oh, no, no, ah!. (Guitar Solo). Girl, you really got me now. You got me so I don't know what I'm doin' Ow!. Girl, you really got me now. You got me so I can't sleep at night. (Owwww!). Girl (Girl), you really got me now. You got me so I don't know where I'm goin' yeah. Oh yeah (Yeah), you really got me now. Got me so I can't sleep at night. You really got me. You really got me (Oh!). You really got me. Oh! Oh! Oh!The Honeycombs. Miscellaneous. Have I The Right?. Have I The Right?. The Honeycombs. Have I the right to hold you? You know I've always told you. That we must never ever part oh ooh ooh oh. Have I the right to kiss you? You know I'll always miss you. I've loved you from the very start. Come right back I just can't bear it. I've got this love and I long to share it. Come right back I'll show my love is strong. Have I the right to touch you? If I could you'd see how much you. Send those shivers running down my spine. Ooh Ooh. Have I the right to thrill you? You know I'll wait until you. Give me the right to make you mine.. Well, Come right back I just can't bear it. I've got this love and I long to share it. Come right back I'll show my love is strong. Oh yeah.. All right!. (break). Have I the right to hold you? You know I've always told you. That we must never ever part. No no no no no no. Have I the right to kiss you? You know I'll always miss you.. I've loved you from the very start.. Come right back I just can't bear it. I've got this love and I long to share it. Come right back I'll show my love is strong. Oh yeah yeah. Come right back I just can't bear it. I've got this love and I long to share it. Come right back right back where you belong oh yeah. You belong oh yeah You belong. (taken from the 45). From: "Kay W. Simons"BREAD AND BUTTER. The Newbeats. (Larry Parks & Jay Turnbow). I like bread and butter,. I like toast and jam,. That's what my baby feeds me,. I'm her loving man.. He likes bread and butter,. he likes toast and jam,. That's what his baby feeds him,. he's her loving man.. She don't cook mashed potatoes,. she don't cook T-bone steaks,. Don't feed me peanut butter,. she knows that I can't take.. He likes bread and butter,. he likes toast and jam,. That's what his baby feeds him,. he's her loving man.. Got home early one morning,. much to my surprise,. She was eating chicken and dumplings. with some other guy.. No more bread and butter,. no more toast and jam,. I found my baby eating. with some other man.I saw her today, I saw her face. It was a face I loved and I knew. I had to run away. And get down on my knees and pray. That they'd go away. But still they begin. Needles and pins. Because of all my pride. The tears I gotta hide. Hey, I thought I was smart, I wanted her. Didn't think I'd do, but now I see. She's worse to him than me. Let her go ahead, take his love instead. And one day she will see. Just how to say please. And get down on her knees. Yeah, that's how it begins. She'll feel those needles and pins. A hurtin her, a hurtin her. Why can't I stop. And tell myself I'm wrong?. I'm wrong, so alone. Why can't I stand up. And tell myself I'm strong?. Because I saw her today, I saw her face. It was a face I loved and I knew. I had to run away. And get down on my knees and pray. That they'd go away. But still they begin. Needles and pins. Because of all my pride. The tears I gotta hide. Needles and pins. Needles and pins. Needles and pinsClose your eyes and I'll kiss you. Tomorrow I'll miss you. Remember I'll always be true. And then while I'm away. I'll write home every day. And I'll send all my loving to you. I'll pretend that I'm kissing. The lips I am missing. And hope that my dreams will come true. And then while I'm away. I'll write home every day. And I'll send all my loving to you. All my loving, I will send to you. All my loving, darling I'll be true. Close your eyes and I'll kiss you. Tomorrow I'll miss you. Remember I'll always be true. And then while I'm away. I'll write home every day. And I'll send all my loving to you. All my loving, I will send to you. All my loving, darling I'll be true. All my loving, all my loving. Ooh, all my loving, I will send to you(I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). Since you left me and you said goodbye. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). All I do is sit and cry. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). You went away and left me misery. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). And that's the way it'll always be. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). You said you loved me and you'd always be mine. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). We'd be together till the end of time. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). Now you say it was just a game. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). But all you're doin' is leavin' me pain. Time goes by and goes so slow (oh, yeah). It just doesn't seem true. Only just a few days ago. You said you'd love me, never make me blue. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). Now you've gone and I'm all alone. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). And you're still way up there on your throne. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). Nothin' seems to ever go right. (I'm in pieces, bits and pieces). 'Cause night is day and day is nightI. Should have known better with a girl like you. That I would love everything that you do. And I do. Hey hey hey. And I do. Whoa, whoa, I. Never realised what a kiss could be. This could only happen to me. Can't you see, can't you see?. That when I tell you that I love you. Oh. You're gonna say you love me too-oo-oo-oo-oo. Oh. And when I ask you to be mine-ha-ha-hain. You're gonna say you love me too. So-o I. Should have realised a lot of things before. If this is love you gotta give me more. Give me more. Hey hey hey. Give me more. Whoa, whoa, I. Never realised what a kiss could be. This could only happen to me. Can't you see, can't you see?. That when I tell you that I love you. Oh. You're gonna say you love me too-oo-oo-oo-oo. Oh. And when I ask you to be mine-ha-ha-hain. You're gonna say you love me too. You love me too. You love me too. You love me tooWell no one told me about her the way she lied. Well no one told me about her how many people cried. But it's too late to say you're sorry. How would I know why should I care. Please don't bother tryin' to find her. Well let me tell you 'bout the way she looked. The way she'd act and the colour of her hair. Her voice was soft and cool. Her eyes were clear and bright. But she's not there. Well no one told me about her, what could I do. Well no one told me about her, though they all knew. But it's too late to say you're sorry. How would I know, why should I care. Please don't bother tryin' to find her. Well let me tell you 'bout the way she looked. The way she'd act and the colour of her hair. Her voice was soft and cool. Her eyes were clear and bright. But she's not there. But it's too late to say you're sorry. How would I know, why should I care. Please don't bother tryin' to find her. Well let me tell you 'bout the way she looked. The way she'd act and the colour of her hair. Her voice was soft and cool. Her eyes were clear and bright. But she's not thereTime is on my side, yes it is. Time is on my side, yes it is. Now you always say. That you want to be free. But you'll come running back (said you would baby). You'll come running back (I said so many times before). You'll come running back to me. Oh, time is on my side, yes it is. Time is on my side, yes it is. You're searching for good times. But just wait and see. You'll come running back (I won't have to worry no more). You'll come running back (spend the rest of my life with you, baby). You'll come running back to me. Go ahead, go ahead and light up the town. And baby, do everything your heart desires. Remember, I'll always be around. And I know, I know. Like I told you so many times before. You're gonna come back, baby. Cause I know. You're gonna come back knocking. Yeah, knocking right on my door. Yes, yes!. Well, time is on my side, yes it is. Time is on my side, yes it is. Cause I got the real love. The kind that you need. You'll come running back (said you would, baby). You'll come running back (I don't always said you would). You'll come running back (I won't have to worry no more). Yes time, time, time is on my side, yes it is. Time, time, time is on my side, yes it is. Oh, time, time, time is on my side, yes it is. I said, time, time, time is on my side, yes it is. Oh, time, time, time is on my side. Yeah, time, time, time is on my sideBright light city gonna set my soul. Gonna set my soul on fire. Got a whole lot of money that's ready to burn. So get those stakes up higher. There's a thousand pretty women waitin' out there. And they're all livin' devil may care. And I'm just the devil with love to spare. Viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas. How I wish that there were more. Than the twenty-four hours in the day. 'Cause even if there were forty more. I wouldn't sleep a minute away. Oh, there's black jack and poker and the roulette wheel. A fortune won and lost on every deal. All you need's a strong heart and a nerve of steel. Viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas. Viva Las Vegas with you neon flashin'. And your one arm bandits crashin'. All those hopes down the drain. Viva Las Vegas turnin' day into nighttime. Turnin' night into daytime. If you see it once you'll never be the same again. I'm gonna keep on the run, I'm gonna have me some fun. If it costs me my very last dime. If I wind up broke up well. I'll always remember that I had a swingin' time. I'm gonna give it everything I've got. Lady luck please let the dice stay hot. Let me shoot a seven with every shot. Viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas, viva Las Vegas. Viva, viva Las VegasRidin' along in my automobile. My baby beside me at the wheel. I stole a kiss at the turn of a mile. My curiosity runnin' wild. Cruisin' and playin' the radio. With no particular place to go. Ridin' along in my automobile. I was anxious to tell her the way I feel. So I told her softly and sincere. And she leaned and whispered in my ear. Cuddlin' more and drivin' slow. With no particular place to go. No particular place to go. So we parked way out on the Kokomo. The night was young and the moon was bold. So we both decided to take a stroll. Can you imagine the way I felt?. I couldn't unfasten her safety belt. Ridin' along in my calaboose. Still tryin' to get her belt a-loose. All the way home I held a grudge. For the safety belt that wouldn't budge. Cruisin' and playin' the radio. With no particular place to goNAWell, baby used to stay out all night long. She made me cry, she done me wrong. She hurt my eyes open, that's no lie. Tables turn and now her turn to cry. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Well, she used to run around with every man in town. She spent all my money, playing her high class game. She put me out, it was a pity how I cried. Tables turn and now her turn to cry. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Well, I used to wake the morning, get my breakfast in bed. When I'd gotten worried, she'd ease my aching head. But now she's here and there, with every man in town. Still trying to take me for that same old clown. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over now. Because I used to love her, . but it's all over nowMy love don't give me presents. I know that she's no peasant. Only ever has to give me. Love forever and forever. My love don't give me presents. Turn me on when I get lonely. People tell me that she's only fooling. I know she isn't. She don't give boys the eye. She hates to see me cry. She is happy just to hear me. Say that I will never leave her. She don't give boys the eye. She will never make me jealous. Gives me all her time as well as loving. Don't ask me why. She's a woman who understands. She's a woman who loves her man. My love don't give me presents. I know that she's no peasant. Only ever has to give me. Love forever and forever. My love don't give me presents. Turn me on when I get lonely. People tell me that she's only fooling. I know she isn't. Whoooo, whoo. She's a woman who understands. She's a woman who loves her man. My love don't give me presents. I know that she's no peasant. Only ever has to give me. Love forever and forever. My love don't give me presents. Turn me on when I get lonely. People tell me that she's only fooling. I know she isn't. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's a woman. She's my womanYou'll never know how much I really love you. You'll never know how much I really care. Listen. Do you want to know a secret?. Do you promise not to tell?. Closer. Let me whisper in your ear. Say the words you long to hear. I'm in love with you. Listen. Do you want to know a secret?. Do you promise not to tell?. Closer. Let me whisper in your ear. Say the words you long to hear. I'm in love with you. I've known a secret for a week or two. Nobody knows. Just we two. Listen. Do you want to know a secret?. Do you promise not to tell?. Closer. Let me whisper in your ear. Say the words you long to hear. I'm in love with youPretty as a mid summers morn. They call her Dawn. Dawn, go away I'm no good for you. Oh, Dawn, stay with him, he'll be good to you. Hang on, hang on, hang on to you. Think what a big man he'll be. Think of the places you'll see. Now, think what the future would be. With a poor boy like me, me. Dawn, go away, please, go away. Although I know, I want you to stay. Dawn, go away, please, go away. Baby, don't cry, it's better this way. Ah, ah, ah, oh, oh, oh. Dawn, go away back where you belong. Girl, we can't change the places where we were born. Before you say that you want me, I want you to. Think what your family would say. Think what your throwing away. Now, think what the future would be. With a poor boy like me, me. Dawn, go away I'm no good for you. Dawn, go away I'm no good for you. Dawn, go away I'm no good for you. Dawn, go away I'm no good for youI am the little red rooster. Too lazy to crow for day. I am the little red rooster. Too lazy to crow for day. Keep everything in the farm yard. Upset in every way. The dogs begin to bark, hounds begin to howl. The dog begin to bark, hounds begin to howl. Watch out now people. Little red rooster on the prowl. If you're about to see my little red rooster. Please drive him home. If you're about to see my little red rooster. Please drive him home. Ain't had no peace in the farm yard. Since my little red rooster's been goneI'm gonna tell Aunt Mary 'bout Uncle John. He said he had the misery but he got a lot of fun. Oh baby, yeah now baby. Woo baby, some fun tonight. I saw Uncle John with Long Tall Sally. He saw Aunt Mary comin' and he ducked back in the alley. Oh baby, yeah now baby. Woo baby, some fun tonight. Well Long Tall Sally's built pretty sweet. She got everything that Uncle John need. Oh baby, yeah now baby. Woo baby, some fun tonight. Well, we're gonna have some fun tonight. Have some fun tonight. Everything's all right. Have some fun tonight. Have some fun, yeah, yeah, yeah. We're gonna have some fun tonight. Have some fun tonight. Everything's all right. Have some fun tonight. Yeah, we'll have some fun. Some fun tonightIf I fell in love with you. would you promise to be true. and help me understand?. 'Cause I've been in love before. and I found that love was more. than just holding hands. If I give my heart to you,. I must be sure. from the very start. that you,. would love me more than her. If I trust in you oh please,. don't run and hide. If I love you too oh please. don't hurt my pride like her,. 'cause I couldn't stand the pain. and I,. would be sad if our new love,. was in vain. So I hope you see that I,. would love to love you,. and that she will cry. when she learns we are two.. If I fell in love with youIt's the little old lady from Pasadena. The little old lady from Pasadena. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Has a pretty little flowerbed of white gardenias. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. But parked in a rickety old garage. Is a brand-new, shiny red, super-stock Dodge. And everybody's saying that there's nobody meaner. Than the little old lady from Pasadena. She drives real fast and she drives real hard. She's the terror of Colorado Boulevard. It's the little old lady from Pasadena. If you see her on the street, don't try to choose her. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. You might try to go her but you'll never lose her. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Well, she's gonna get a ticket now, sooner or later. 'Cause she can't keep her foot off the accelerator. And everybody's saying that there's nobody meaner. Than the little old lady from Pasadena. She drives real fast and she drives real hard. She's the terror of Colorado Boulevard. It's the little old lady from Pasadena. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. The guys come to race her from miles around. But she'll give 'em a length, then she'll shut 'em down. And everybody's saying that there's nobody meaner. Than the little old lady from Pasadena. She drives real fast and she drives real hard. She's the terror of Colorado Boulevard. It's the little old lady from Pasadena. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go granny, go. Go granny, go granny, go grannyElvis Presley. Miscellaneous. Such A Night. It was a night oo-oo what a night. It was it really was such a night. The moon was bright oh how so bright. It was it really was such a night. The night was alight with stars above. Oo-oo when she kissed me. I had to fall in love. . Oh it was a kiss oo-oo what a kiss. It was it really was such a kiss. Oh how she could kiss oh what a kiss. It was it really was such a kiss. Just the thought of her lips. Sets me afire. I reminisce and I'm filled with desire. But I'd gave my heart to her in sweet surrender. How well I remember, I'll always remember. . Oh, what a night oo-oo what a night. . It was it really was such a night. Came the dawn and my heart and her love. And the night was gone. But I'll never forget the kiss. The kiss in the moonlight. Oo-oo such a kiss, such a night. . It was a night oo-oo what a night. It was it really was such a night. Came the dawn and my heart and her love. And the night was gone. But I'll never forget the kiss. The kiss in the moonlight. How well I remember, I'll always remember. . That night oo-oo what a night. It was it really was such a night. When we kissed I had to fall in love. But I'd gave my heart to her in sweet surrender. How well I remember, I'll always remember. . Oh that night oo-oo what a night. It was it really was such a night. When we kissed I had to fall in love. Well she's gone, gone, gone. Yes she's gone, gone, gone. Came the dawn, dawn, dawn. And my love was gone. But before that dawn. Yes before that dawn and before that dawnA-well-a everybody's heard about the bird!. Bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, bird is the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, well-a bird is the word. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a don't you know, about the bird?. Well, everybody knows that the bird is the word!. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird. A-well-a. A-well-a everybody's heard, about the bird!. Bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a bird bird bird, b-bird's the word. A-well-a don't you know, about the bird?. Well! Everybody's talking about the bird!. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird. A-well-a bird!. Surfin' bird. Pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa. Oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa pa oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Oom m-oom m-oom m-oom. M-oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-oom m-oom m-oom. M-oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-oom m-oom m-oom. M-oom m-mow mow. Oom m-oom m-oom m-oom. M-oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Well-a don't you know, about the bird?. Well! Everybody knows that the bird is the word!. A-well-a bird, bird, b-bird's the bird. A-well-a oom m-mow mow. Pa pa oom mow m-mow. Ba pa oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mow. Oom mow m-mow. Pa pa oom m-mow mowNANAIt hurts to be in love when the only one you love. Turns out to be someone who's not in love with you. It hurts to love her so when deep down inside you know. She will never want you, no matter what you do. And so you cry a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Oh, you die a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Day and night, night and day. It hurts to be in love this way. How long can I exist wanting lips I've never kissed?. She gives all her kisses to somebody else. She thinks I'm just a friend, though it hurts I must pretend. The only way to keep her is to keep it to myself. And so I cry a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Oh, I die a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Day and night, night and day. It hurts to be in love this way. And so I cry a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Oh, I die a little bit.   (Hurts to be in love). Day and night, night and day. It hurts to be in love this way. It hurts to be in love. Day and night, night and day. It hurts to be in love. Night and day, day and night. It hurts to be in love, day and nightI can see you're slipping away from me. And you're so afraid I'll plead with you to stay. But I'm gonna be strong and let you go your way. Our love is gone there's no sense in holding on. 'Cos your pity now would be to much to bear. So, I'm gonna be strong and pretend I don't care. I'm gonna be strong and stand as tall as I am. Yes, I'm gonna be strong and let you run along. And take it like a man. When you say, "It's the end," I'll just hand you a line. I'll smile and say, "Don't you worry I'm fine". And you'll never know darling, after you kiss me goodbye. How I'll break down and cryWell I've got a gal, she's as cute as she can be. She's a distant cousin but she's not too distant with me. We'll kiss all night, I'll squeeze her tight. But we're kissin' cousins that's what makes it all right. All right, all right, all right. Oh I've got a girl and she taught me how to live. She can give a lot and she's got a lot to give. We'll kiss all night, I'll squeeze her tight. But we're kissin' cousins an' that's what makes it all right. All right, all right, all right. Yes we're all cousins, that's what I believe. Because we're children of Adam and Eve. I got a girl and she wants a lot of love. That's the kind of trouble I need plenty of. We'll kiss all night, I'll squeeze her tight. But we'll be kissin' cousins an' that'll make it all right. All right, all right, all right. But we'll be kissin' cousins that'll make it all right. All right, all right, all right. Yeah we're all cousins, that's what I believe. Because we're all children of Adam and Eve. I got a girl and she wants a lot of love. That's the kind of trouble I need plenty of. We'll kiss all night, I'll squeeze her tight. And we'll be kissin' cousins an' that'll make it all right. All right, all right, all right. We'll be kissin' cousins that'll make it all right. All right, all right, all rightI can't get no satisfaction, I can't get no satisfaction. 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try. I can't get no, I can't get no. When I'm drivin' in my car, and the man come on the radio. He's tellin' me more and more about some useless information. Supposed to fire my imagination. I can't get no, oh, no, no, no, hey, hey, hey. That's what I say. I can't get no satisfaction, I can't get no satisfaction. 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try. I can't get no, I can't get no. When I'm watchin' my tv and a man comes on and tell me. How white my shirts can be. But, he can't be a man 'cause he doesn't smoke. The same cigarettes as me. I can't get no, oh, no, no, no, hey, hey, hey. That's what I say. I can't get no satisfaction, I can't get girl reaction. 'Cause I try and I try and I try and I try. I can't get no, I can't get no. When I'm ridin' round the world. And I'm doin' this and I'm signin' that. And I'm tryin' to make some girl, who tells me. Baby, better come back maybe next week. Can't you see I'm on a losing streak. I can't get no, oh, no, no, no, hey, hey, hey. That's what I say, I can't get no, I can't get no. I can't get no satisfaction, no satisfaction. No satisfaction, no satisfactionHelp, I need somebody. Help, not just anybody. Help, you know I need someone, help. When I was younger, so much younger than today. I never needed anybody's help in any way. But now these days are gone, I'm not so self assured. Now I find I've changed my mind and opened up the doors. Help me if you can, I'm feeling down. And I do appreciate you being round. Help me, get my feet back on the ground. Won't you please, please help me. And now my life has changed in oh so many ways. My independence seems to vanish in the haze. But every now and then I feel so insecure. I know that I just need you like I've never done before. Help me if you can, I'm feeling down. And I do appreciate you being round. Help me, get my feet back on the ground. Won't you please, please help me. When I was younger, so much younger than today. I never needed anybody's help in any way. But now these days are gone, I'm not so self assured. Now I find I've changed my mind and opened up the doors. Help me if you can, I'm feeling down. And I do appreciate you being round. Help me, get my feet back on the ground. Won't you please, please help me, help me, help me, ohYesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away. Now it looks as though they're here to stay. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Suddenly I'm not half the man I used to be. There's a shadow hanging over me. Oh, yesterday came suddenly. Why she had to go. I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong. Now I long for yesterday. Yesterday love was such an easy game to play. Now I need a place to hide away. Oh, I believe in yesterday. Why'd she have to go?. I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong. Now I long for yesterday. Yesterday love was such an easy game to play. Now I need a place to hide away. Oh, I believe in yesterdayHey Mister Tambourine Man, play a song for me. I'm not sleepy and there ain't no place I'm goin' to. Hey Mister Tambourine Man, play a song for me. In the jingle jangle morning, I'll come followin' you. Take me for a trip upon your magic swirlin' ship. All my senses have been stripped. And my hands can't feel to grip. And my toes too numb to step. Wait only for my boot heels to be wanderin'. I'm ready to go anywhere I'm ready for to fade. On to my own parade cast your dancin' spell my way. I promise to go under it. Hey Mister Tambourine Man, play a song for me. I'm not sleepy and there ain't no place I'm goin' to. Hey Mister Tambourine Man, play a song for me. In the jingle jangle morning, I'll come followin' youI think I'm gonna be sad. I think it's today, yeah. The girl that's driving me mad. Is going away. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. But she don't care. She said that living with me. Is bringing her down, yeah. For she would never be free. When I was around. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. But she don't care. I don't know why she's riding so high. She ought to think twice. She ought to do right by me. Before she gets to saying goodbye. She ought to think twice. She ought to do right by me. I think I'm gonna be sad. I think it's today, yeah. The girl that's driving me mad. Is going away, yeah, oh. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. But she don't care. I don't know why she's riding so high. She ought to think twice. She ought to do right by me. Before she gets to saying goodbye. She ought to think twice. She ought to do right by me. She said that living with me. Was bringing her down, yeah. For she would never be free. When I was around, oh. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride. But she don't care. My baby don't care. My baby don't care. My baby don't care. My baby don't care. My baby don't care. My baby don't careOnce upon a time you dressed so fine. Threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you?. People call, say, "Beware doll you're bound to fall". You thought they were all kiddin' you. You used to laugh about everybody that was hangin' out. Now you don't talk so loud. Now you don't seem so proud. About having to be scrounging your next meal. How does it feel?. How does it feel?. To be without a home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone. You've gone to the finest school, all right Miss Lonely. But you know you only used to get juiced in it. Nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street. And now you're gonna have to get used to it. You said you'd never compromise with the mystery tramp. But now you realize, he's not selling any alibis. As you stare into the vacuum of his eyes. And say, "Do you want to make a deal?". How does it feel?. How does it feel?. To be on your own. With no direction home. A complete unknown. Like a rolling stone. You never turned around to see the frowns. On the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you. Never understood that it ain't no good. You shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you. You used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat. Who carried on his shoulder a Siamese cat. Ain't it hard when you discover that he really wasn't where it's at?. After he took from you everything he could steal. How does it feel?. How does it feel?. To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stone. Princess on the steeple and all the pretty people. They're all drinkin', thinkin' that they got it made. Exchanging all precious gifts. But you better take your diamond ring, you better pawn it babe. You used to be so amused at Napoleon in rags. And the language that he used, go to him now he calls you. You can't refuse, when you got nothing, you got nothing to lose. You're invisible now, you got no secrets to conceal. How does it feel?. How does it feel?. To be on your own. With no direction home. Like a complete unknown. Like a rolling stoneGot a good reason. For taking the easy way out. Got a good reason. For taking the easy way out now. She was a day tripper. One way ticket, yeah. It took me so long. To find out. And I found out. •••. She's a big teaser. She took me half the way there. She's a big teaser. She took me half the way there now. She was a day tripper. One way ticket, yeah. It took me so long. To find out. And I found out. •••. Ahhhhh!. Ahhhhh!. Ahhhhh!. Ahhhhh!. Ahhhhh!. Ahhhhh!. •••. Tried to please her. She only played one night stands. Tried to please her. She only played one night stands now. She was a day tripper. Sunday driver, yeah. It took me so long. To find out. And I found out. •••. Day tripper. Day tripper, yeah. Day tripper. Day tripper, yeah. Day tripperI live in an apartment on the ninety-ninth floor of my block. And I sit at home looking out the window. Imagining the world has stopped. Then in flies a guy who's all dressed up like a Union Jack. And says, I've won five pounds if I have his kind of detergent pack. I said, Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Don't hang around 'cause two's a crowd. On my cloud, baby. The telephone is ringing. I say, "Hi, it's me. Who is it there on the line?". A voice says, "Hi, hello, how are you?". Well, I guess I'm doin' fine. He says, "It's three a.m., there's too much noise. Don't you people ever wanna go to bed?. Just 'cause you feel so good, do you have. To drive me out of my head?". I said, Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Don't hang around 'cause two's a crowd. On my cloud baby. I was sick and tired, fed up with this. And decided to take a drive downtown. It was so very quiet and peaceful. There was nobody, not a soul around. I laid myself out, I was so tired and I started to dream. In the morning the parking tickets were just like. A flag stuck on my window screen. I said, Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Don't hang around 'cause two's a crowd. On my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Hey! You! Get off of my cloud. Don't hang around, baby, two's a crowdYou saw me crying in the chapel. The tears I shed were tears of joy. I know the meaning of contentment. Now I am happy with the Lord. Just a plain and simple chapel. Where humble people go to pray. I pray, the Lord, that I'll grow stronger. As I live from day to day. I've searched and I've searched. But I couldn't find. No way on earth. To gain peace of mind. Now I'm happy in the chapel. Where people are of one accord. Yes, we gather in the chapel. Just to sing and praise the Lord. You'll search and you'll search. But you'll never find. No way on earth. To gain peace of mind. Take your troubles to the chapel. Get down on your knees and pray. Then your burdens will be lighter. And you'll surely find the wayWell I told you once and I told you twice. But ya never listen to my advice. You don't try very hard to please me. With what you know it should be easy. Well this could be the last time. This could be the last time. Maybe the last time. I don't know. Oh no. Oh no. Well, I'm sorry girl but I can't stay. Feelin' like I do today. It's too much pain and too much sorrow. Guess I'll feel the same tomorrow. Well this could be the last time. This could be the last time. Maybe the last time. I don't know. Oh no. Oh no. Well I told you once and I told you twice. That someone will have to pay the price. But here's a chance to change your mind. Cuz I'll be gone a long, long time. Well this could be the last time. This could be the last time. Maybe the last time. I don't know. Oh no. Oh no. Well, this could be the last timeOoh I need your love babe. Guess you know it's true. Hope you need my love babe. Just like I need you. Hold me. Love me. Hold me. Love me. Ain't got nothing but love babe. Eight days a week. Love you every day girl. Always on my mind. One thing I can say girl. Love you all the time. Hold me. Love me. Hold me. Love me. Ain't got nothing but love girl. Eight days a week. Eight days a week. I love you. Eight days a week. Is not enough to show I care. Ooh I need your love babe. Guess you know it's true. Hope you need my love babe. Just like I need you. Oh, ho. Hold me. Love me. Hold me. Love me. Ain't got nothing but love babe. Eight days a week. Eight days a week. I love you. Eight days a week. Is not enough to show I care. Love you every day girl. Always on my mind. One thing I can say girl. Love you all the time. Hold me. Love me. Hold me. Love me. Ain't got nothing but love babe. Eight days a week. Eight days a week. Eight days a weekTo Everything (Turn, turn, turn). There is a season (Turn, turn, turn). And a time to every purpose, under Heaven. A time to be born, a time to die. A time to plant, a time to reap. A time to kill, a time to heal. A time to laugh, a time to weep. To Everything (Turn, turn, turn). There is a season (Turn, turn, turn). And a time to every purpose, under Heaven. A time to build up, a time to break down. A time to dance, a time to mourn. A time to cast away stones, a time to gather stones together. To Everything (Turn, turn, turn). There is a season (Turn, turn, turn). And a time to every purpose, under Heaven. A time of love, a time of hate. A time of war, a time of peace. A time you may embrace, a time to refrain from embracing. To Everything (Turn, turn, turn). There is a season (Turn, turn, turn). And a time to every purpose, under Heaven. A time to gain, a time to lose. A time to rend, a time to sew. A time for love, a time for hate. A time for peace, I swear it's not too lateSay goodbye, my own true lover. As we sing a lover's song. How it breaks my heart to leave you. Now the carnival is gone. High above, the dawn is waking. And my tears are falling rain. For the carnival is over. We may never meet again. Like a drum, my heart was beating. And your kiss was sweet as wine. But the joys of love are fleeting. For Pierrot and Columbine. Now the harbor light is calling. This will be our last goodbye. Though the carnival is over. I will love you till I die. Like a drum, my heart was beating. And your kiss was sweet as wine. But the joys of love are fleeting. For Pierrot and Columbine. Now the harbor light is calling. This will be our last goodbye. Though the carnival is over. I will love you till I die. Though the carnival is over. I will love you till I dieWell since she put me down I 've been out doin' in my head. Come in late at night and in the mornin' I just lay in bed. Well, Rhonda you look so fine (look so fine). And I know it wouldn't take much time. For you to help me Rhonda. Help me get her out of my heart. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda yeah. Get her out of my heart. She was gonna be my wife. And I was gonna be her man. But she let another guy come between us. And it ruined our plan. Well, Rhonda you caught my eye (caught my eye). And I can give you lotsa reasons why. You gotta help me Rhonda. Help me get her out of my heart. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda yeah. Get her out of my heart. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda yeah. Get her out of my heart. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me Rhonda. Help me Rhonda. Help, help me RhondaPeople try to put us d-down.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Just because we get around.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Things they do look awful c-c-cold.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). I hope I die before I get old.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). My generation. This is my generation, baby. Why don't you all f-fade away.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Don't try to dig what we all s-s-say.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). I'm not trying to cause a big s-s-sensation.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). I'm just talkin' 'bout my g-g-generation.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). My generation. This is my generation, baby. Why don't you all f-fade away.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). And don't try to d-dig what we all s-s-say.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). I'm not trying to cause a b-big s-s-sensation.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). I'm just talkin' 'bout my g-g-generation.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). My generation. This is my generation, baby. My, my, my, my generation. My, my, my, my generation. People try to put us d-down.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Just because we g-g-get around.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Things they do look awful c-c-cold.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). Yeah, I hope I die before I get old.   (Talkin' 'bout my generation). My generation. This is my generation, baby. My, my, my, my generation. My, my, my, my generation. Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (My generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (My generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (Is my generation baby). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (This is my generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (This is my generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (This is my generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (This is my generation). Talkin' 'bout my generation.   (This is my generation)For your love.. For your love.. For your love.. I'd give you everything and more, and that's for sure.. For your love.. I'd bring you diamond rings and things right to your door.. For your love.. To thrill you with delight,. I'll give you diamonds bright.. There'll be things that will excite,. To make you dream of me at night.. For your love.. For your love.. For your love.. For your love, for your love,. I would give the stars above.. For your love, for your love,. I would give you all I could.. For your love.. For your love.. For your love.. I'd give the moon if it were mine to give.. For your love.. I'd give the stars and the sun 'fore I live.. For your love.. To thrill you with delight,. I'll give you diamonds bright.. There'll be things that will excite,. To make you dream of me at night.. For your love.. For your love.. For your love.. For your love.The Seekers. Miscellaneous. I'll Never Find Another You. I'll Never Find Another You. -Artists: The Seekers from "The Seekers-Greatest Hits"-Capitol 4XL-9397. -peak Billboard position # 4 in 1965. -Words and Music by Tom Springfield. There's a new world somewhere. They call The Promised Land. And I'll be there some day. If you will hold my hand. I still need you there beside me. No matter what I do. For I know I'll never find another you. There is always someone. For each of us they say. And you'll be my someone. For ever and a day. I could search the whole world over. Until my life is through. But I know I'll never find another you. It's a long, long journey. So stay by my side. When I walk through the storm. You'll be my guide, be my guide. If they gave me a fortune. My treasure would be small. I could lose it all tomorrow. And never mind at all. But if I should lose your love, dear. I don't know what I'll do. For I know I'll never find another you. (instrumental interlude. BR. BRBut if I should lose your love, dear. BRI don't know what I'll do. BRFor I know I'll never find another you. BR. BRAnother you, another you. BR. BR. BRTranscribed by Robin Hood. BR. BRThese lyrics were transcribed from the specific recording mentioned above. BRand do not necessarily correspond with lyrics from other recordings, sheet. BRmusic, songbooks or lyrics printed on album jackets.. BR. BRWell, East coast girls are hip, I really dig those styles they wear. And the Southern girls with the way they talk, they knock me out when. I'm down there. The Midwest farmers' daughter really makes you feel alright. And the Northern girls, with the way they kiss, they keep their. Boyfriends warm at night. I wish they all could be California. (Wish they all could be California). I wish they all could be California girls. The West coast has the sunshine and the girls all get so tan. I dig a french bikini on Hawiian Island dolls,by a palm tree in the. Sand. I been all round this great big world and I seen all kinds of girls. Yeah, but I couldn't wait to get back in the states. Back to the cutest girls in the world. I wish they all could be California. (Wish they all could be California). I wish they all could be California girls. I wish they all could be California. (Wish they all could be California). I wish they all could be California girlsI'm telling you now. I'm telling you right away. I'll be saying for many a day. I'm in love with you now. I'm telling you now. I'll say what you wanna hear. I'll be telling you for many a year. I'm in love with you now. Do you think I'm foolin'. When I say, "I love you?" I love you. Maybe you'll believe me. When I'm finally through. Through, through, through. I'm telling you now. I know, it's been said before. Say you love me and I will be sure. I'm in love with you now. I'm telling you now. I'm telling you right away. I'll be saying for many a day. I'm in love with you now. Do you think I'm foolin'. When I say, "I love you?" I love you. Maybe you'll believe me. When I'm finally through. Through, through, through. I'm telling you now. I know, it's been said before. Say you love me and I will be sure. I'm in love with you now. I'm in love with you now. I'm telling you nowLet me tell ya 'bout the birds and the bees. and the flowers and the trees. and the moon up above. and a thing called "love". Let me tell ya 'bout the stars in the sky. and a girl and a guy. and the way they could kiss. on a night like this. When i look into your big brown eyes. it's so very plain to see. that it's time you learned about the facts of life. starting from a to z. Let me tell ya 'bout the birds and the bees. and the flowers and the trees. and the moon up above. and a thing called "love" (yeah!). When i look into your big brown eyes. it's so very plain to see. that it's time you learned about the facts of life. starting from a to z. Let me tell ya 'bout the birds and the bees. and the flowers and the trees. and the moon up above. and a thing called "love". Let me tell ya 'bout the birds and the bees. and the flowers and the trees. and the birds and the bees. and the flowers and the trees. 'bout the birds. fade. and the beesHow gentle is the rain. that falls softly on the meadow,. birds high up the trees. serenade the clouds with their melodies. Oh, see there beyond the hill,. the bright colors of the rainbow.. some magic from above. made this day for us just to fall in love. Now, i belong to you. from this day until forever,. just love me tenderly. and i'll give to you every part of me.. Oh, don't ever make me cry. through long lonely nights without us.. be always true to me,. keep this day in your heart eternally.. One day we shall return. to this place upon the meadow.. we'll walk out in the rain,. see the birds above singing once again. Oh, you hold me in your arms,. and say once again you love me,. and if your love is true,. everything will be just as wonderful.. You'll hold me in your arms,. and say once again you'll love me,. and if your love is true,. everything will be just as wonderful.. You'll hold me in your arms,. and say once again you'll love me,. and if your love is true,. everything will be just as wonderful.Midnight finds me cryin'. Day time finds me cryin' too. I've got to get out of town. This whole city just brings me down, yeah. Gotta get away. Gotta get away. Gotta get away. I made a promise to you such a long time ago. Now baby, now baby, now baby, now baby. It's time to make it come true yeah, come through yeah. Come true yeah, come through yeah, come true yeah. In this dirty old part of the city. Where the sun refuse to shine. People tell me there ain't no use in me trying, no. Little girl you're so young and you're so pretty. And one thing I know is true. Your going to be dead before your time is due. See my daddy in bed dying. Watched his hair been turning gray. I know he's been working and slaving. Working and slaving, slaving and working. Working, yeah. Work, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We gotta get out of this place. If it's the last thing we ever do. We gotta get out of this place, there's a better life. Don't you know, don't you know. Man, don't you know, don't you know, don't you know. Well, well, well. Time brings about a change. Time on the clock, on the wall. Brings about a change, yeah. All of his life he's been slaving. All of the life he's been working. For what? For what?. For what? For what?. Give it up, give it up. Give it up, give it up, yeah. See my daddy in bed dying. Watched his hair been turning gray. I know he's been working and slaving. And slaving and working, and working and slaving. Working, yeah. Work, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We gotta get out of this place. If it's the last thing we ever do. We gotta get out of this place. There's a better life. Don't you know, don't you know, don't you know. Take me, take me, take me. We gotta get out of this place. If it's the last thing we ever do. We just gotta get out of this place. There's a better life, there's a better world. There's a better way. Don't you know, don't you know, don't you know. We gotta get out of this place. If it's the last thing we ever do. We gotta get out of this place. There's a better world. Don't you know, don't you know, don't you know. I want to get you out of this place. Out of this place. Out of this place. Yeah, yeah, yeahThe purpose of a man is to love a woman. And the purpose of a woman is to love a man. So come on baby let's start today, come on baby let's play. The game of love, love, la la la la la love. It started long ago in the Garden of Eden. When Adam said to Eve, "Baby, you're for me". So come on baby let's start today, come on baby let's play. The game of love, love, la la la la la love. Come on baby 'cause the time is right. Love your daddy with all your might. Put your arms around me, hold me tight. Play the game of love. The purpose of a man is to love a woman. And the purpose of a woman is to love a man. So come on baby let's start today, come on baby let's play. The game of love, love, la la la la la love. Come on baby 'cause the time is right. Love your daddy with all your might. Put your arms around me, hold me tight. Play the game of love. The purpose of a man is to love a woman. And the purpose of a woman is to love a man. So come on baby let's start today, come on baby let's play. The game of love, love, la la la la la love. The game of love baby, the game of la la la la love. The game of love baby, the game of la la la la love. The game of love babyNo one will understand what I've gotta do. I've gotta find a place to hide with my baby by my side. She's been hurt so much, they treat her mean and cruel. They try to keep us far apart, there's only one thing left we can do. We gotta keep searchin', searchin', find a place to hide. Searchin', searchin', she'll be by my side. If we gotta keep on the run, we'll follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Doesn't matter, doesn't matter what people might say. She's mine, and I'm gonna take her anyway. Gotta keep searchin', searchin', find a place to stay. Searchin', searchin', every night and day. If we gotta keep on the run, we'll follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. We gotta keep searchin', searchin', find a place to hide. Searchin', searchin', she'll be by my side. If we gotta keep on the run, we'll follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Follow the sun-ah, whee-ooh. Follow the sunYou got a lotta nerve. To say you are my friend. When I was down. You just stood there grinning. You got a lotta nerve. To say you got a helping hand to lend. You just want to be on. The side that's winning. You say I let you down. You know it's not like that. If you're so hurt. Why then don't you show it?. You say you lost your faith. But that's not where it's at. You had no faith to lose. And you know it. I know the reason. That you talk behind my back. I used to be among the crowd. You're in with. Do you take me for such a fool. To think I'd make contact. With the one who tries to hide. What he don't know to begin with?. You see me on the street. You always act surprised. You say, "How are you?", "Good luck". But you don't mean it. When you know as well as me. You'd rather see me paralyzed. Why don't you just come out once. And scream it?. No, I do not feel that good. When I see the heartbreaks you embrace. If I was a master thief. Perhaps I'd rob them. And now I know you're dissatisfied. With your position and your place. Don't you understand. It's not my problem?. I wish that for just one time. You could stand inside my shoes. And just for that one moment. I could be you. Yes, I wish that for just one time. You could stand inside my shoes. You'd know what a drag it is. To see youSo tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. So tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. . I was a lonely soul. I had nobody till I met you. But you, keeping me waiting. All of the time, what can I do?. . It's your life. And you can do what you want. Do what you like. But please don't keep me waiting. Please don't keep me waiting. . 'Cuz I'm so tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. So tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. . I was a lonely soul. I had nobody till I met you. But you, keeping me waiting. All of the time, what can I do?. . It's your life. And you can do what you want. Do what you like. But please don't keep me waiting. Please don't keep me waiting. . 'Cuz I'm so tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. So tired, tired of waiting. Tired of waiting for you. For you, for youWe've already said goodbye. Since you gotta go, oh, you'd better go now. Go now, go now, go now before you see me cry. I don't want you to tell me just what you intend to do now. 'Cause how many times I have to tell you. Darlin', darlin' I'm still in love with you now, woah. We've already said so long. I don't wanna see you go, oh, you had better go now. Go now, go now, go now, don't you even try. Telling me that you really don't want me to end this way, yeah. But, darlin', darlin', can't you see I want you to stay, yeah. Since you gotta go, oh, you had better go now. Go now, go now, go now before you see me cry. I don't want you to tell me just what you intend to do now. But how many times do I have to tell you, darlin', darlin'. I'm still in love, still in love with you now. I don't wanna see you go, but darlin', you'd better go nowSick at heart and lonely. Deep in dark despair. Thinking one thought only. "Where is she, tell me where?". And if she says to you. She don't love me. Please give her my message. Tell her of my plea. And I know. That if she had me back again. I would never make her sad. I've got a heart full of soul. And I know. That if she had me back again. I would never make her sad. I've got a heart full of soul. She's been gone such a long time. Longer than I can bear. But if she says she wants me. Tell her that I'll be there. And if she says to you. She don't love me. Please give her my message. Tell her of my plea. And I know. That if she had me back again. I would never make her sad. I've got a heart full of soulHere they come again, mmmm-mm-mm. Catch us if you can, mmmm-mm-mm. Time to get a move on, mmmm-mm-mm. We will yell with all of our might. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Now we gotta run, mmmm-mm-mm. No more time for fun, mmmm-mm-mm. When we're gettin' angry, mmmm-mm-mm. We will yell with all of our might. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. [Harmonica]. Here they come again, mmmm-mm-mm. Catch us if you can, mmmm-mm-mm. Time to get a move on, mmmm-mm-mm. We will yell with all of our might. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you can. Catch us if you canDo you believe in magic?. In a young girls heart. How the music can free her. whenever it starts. And it's magic. if the music is groovy. It makes you feel happy like an old time movie. I'll tell ya about the magic. It'll free your soul. but it's like trying to tell a stranger 'bout rock n roll. If you believe in magic, don't bother to choose. If it's jug band music or rhythm and blues. Just go and listen. It'll start with a smile. It won't wipe off your face no matter how hard you try. Your feet start tapping. And you can't seem to find. How you got there. So just blow your mind. If you believe in magic. Come along with me. We'll dance until morning, just you and me. and maybe, if the music is right. I'll meet ya tomorrow. so late at night. We'll go a dancin' baby then you'll see. all the magic's in the music and the music's in me, yeah. Do you belive in magic? Yeah.. Believe in the magic in a young girl's soul. believe in the magic of rock n roll. Believe in the magic that can set you free. Ohhhh, talkin' bout magic. Do you believe like I believe?. Do you believe in magic?I took my troubles down to Madame Ruth. You know that gypsy with the gold-capped tooth. She's got a pad down on Thirty-Fourth and Vine. Sellin' little bottles of Love Potion Number Nine. I told her that I was a flop with chicks. I'd been this way since 1956. She looked at my palm and she made a magic sign. She said, "What you need is Love Potion Number Nine". She bent down and turned around and gave me a wink. She said, "I'm gonna make it up right here in the sink". It smelled like turpentine, it looked like India ink. I held my nose, I closed my eyes, I took a drink. I didn't know if it was day or night. I started kissin' everything in sight. But when I kissed a cop down on Thirty-Fourth and Vine. He broke my little bottle of Love Potion Number Nine. I held my nose, I closed my eyes, I took a drink. I didn't know if it was day or night. I started kissin' everything in sight. But when I kissed a cop down on Thirty-Fourth and Vine. He broke my little bottle of Love Potion Number Nine. Love Potion Number Nine, Love Potion Number Nine. Love Potion Number NineEvery evening when all. My day's work is through. I call my baby and ask her. What shall we do. I mention movies but. She don't seem to dig that. And then she asks me. Why don't I come to her flat. And have some supper. And let the evening pass by. By digging records. Beside a groovy hi-fi. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yeh. My baby loves me. She gets me feeling so fine. Because she loves me,. She makes me know that she's mine. And when she kisses. I feel the fire get hot. She never misses. She gives it all that she's got. And when she asks me. If everyhing is okay. I got my answer. The only thing I can say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yeh. We'll play a melody. And turn the lights down low. So that I can't see. We gotta do that. We gotta do that. We gotta do that. We gotta do that. And there'll be. No one else alive in all. The world cept you and me. Yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh. Yeh, yeh and a yeh yeh. Pretty baby. I never knew such a thrill. It's hard to tell you. Because I'm trembling still. My pretty baby. I want you all for my own. I think I'm ready. To leave those others alone. No need to ask me. If everything is okay. I got my answer. The only thing I can say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. We'll play a melody. And turn the lights down low. So that I can't see. We gotta do that. We gotta do that, yeh, yeh. We gotta do that. We gotta do that. And there'll be. No one else alive in all. The world cept you and me. Yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh, yeh. Yeh, yeh and a yeh yeh. Pretty baby. I never knew such a thrill. It's hard to tell you. Because I'm trembling still. My pretty baby. I want you all for my own. I think I'm ready. To leave those others alone. No need to ask me. If everything is okay. I got my answer. The only thing I can say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yeh. That's what I say. I say yeh, yehWhy can I be like any guy?. Why do they try. To make me run. Son of a gun. Now, what do they care. About the clothes I wear?. Why get their kicks. From making fun. Yeah, this world's. Got a lot of space. And if they don't like my face. It ain't me that's. Going any where, no. So I don't care. Then laugh at me. If that's love affair. I have to beg to be free. Then baby laugh at me. And I'll cry for you. And I'll pray for you. And I'll do all the things. That the man up stairs. Says to do. I'll do 'em for you. I'll do 'em. I'll do 'em all for you. It's gotta start some place. It's gotta start some how. I'll make that other cheek mine. And maybe the next guy. That don't wear a silk tie. He can walk by and say hi. Say hi instead of why. Instead of a why. Instead of why, baby. Instead of why. What did I do to you?The Seekers. Miscellaneous. A World Of Our Own. A World Of Our Own. -Artists: The Seekers from "The Seekers Greatest Hits"-Capitol 4XL-9397. -peak Billboard position # 19 in 1965. -Words and Music by Tom Springfield. Close the door, light the light, we're stayin' home tonight. Far away from the bustle and the bright city lights. Let them all fade away, just leave us alone. And we'll live in a world of our own. CHORUS. We'll build a world of our own that no one else can share. All our sorrows we'll leave far behind us there. And I know you will find there'll be peace of mind. When we live in a world of our own. Oh my love, oh my love, I've cried for you so much. Lonely nights without sleeping while I longed for your touch. Now your lips can't evade the heartache I've known. Come with me to a world of our own. CHORUS. CHORUS. And I know you will find there'll be peace of mind. When we live in a world of our own. Transcribed by Robin Hood. These lyrics were transcribed from the specific recording mentioned above. and do not necessarily correspond with lyrics from other recordings, sheet. music, songbooks or lyrics printed on album jackets.When I see that girl go walking by. I know a boy shouldn't cry. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. When I see her look into his eyes. No matter how I try. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. I find I'm cryin' over you. I know it's nothing to do. Now I'm on my own, I walk alone. A heart without a home. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. When love walked out. A fire went out inside of me. It wouldn't hide those tears inside of me. Then there's nothing left for me to say. You know, you know, you know you broke my heart. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. I find I'm cryin' over you. I know it's nothing to do. I know it's not the thing to do. Now I'm on my own, I walk alone. A heart without a home. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes again. Here it comes again, that feeling. Here it comes againBaby, do you understand me now. Sometimes I feel a little mad. Well, don't you know that. No one alive can always be an angel. When things go wrong I seem to be bad. I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstood. Baby, sometimes I'm so carefree. With a joy that's hard to hide. And sometimes it seems that. All I have to do is worry. And then you're bound to see my other side. I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstood. If I seem edgy, I want you to know. That I never mean to take it out on you. Life has it's problems and I get my share. And that's one thing I never mean to do. 'Cause I love you. Oh, oh, oh, baby, don't you know I'm human?. Have thoughts like any other one. Sometimes I find myself alone and regretting. Some foolish thing, some little simple thing I've done. I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstood. Yes, I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstood. Yes, I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstood. Yes, I'm just a soul who's intentions are good. Oh Lord, please, don't let me be misunderstoodWhen you move in right up close to me. That's when I get the chills all over me. Quivers down my backbone. I got the shakes in my thigh bone. I got the shivers in my knee bone. Shakin' all over. Just the way you say goodnight to me. Brings the feelin' on inside of me. Quivers down my backbone. I got the shakes in my thigh bone. I got the shivers in my knee bone. Shakin' all over. Quivers down my backbone. I got the shakes in my thigh bone. I got the shivers in my knee bone. Shakin' all over. Well, you make me shake and I like it, baby. You make me shake and I like it, baby. Well, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shakeThere ain't no good in our goodby-in'. True love takes a lot of tryin' oh I'm cryin'. Let's hang on to what we've got. Don't let go girl we've got a lot. Got a lot of love between us. Hang on hang on hang on. To what we've got. You say you're gonna go and call it quits. Gonna chuck it all and break our love to bits. (breakin up) I wish you'd never said it. (breakin up) No no we'll both regret it. That little chip of diamond on your hand. Ain't a fortune baby but you know it stands. (for your love) A love to try and bind ya. We just can't leave behind us. Baby (don't you go) Baby (oh no no). (think it over and) Stay. Let's hang on to what we've got. Don't let go girl we've got a lot. Got a lot of love between us. Hang on hang on hang on. To what we've got. There isn't anything I wouldn't do. I'd pay any price to get in good with you. (patch it up) Give me a second turning. (patch it up) Don't cool off while I'm burning. You've got me cryin dyin at your door. Don't shut me out let me in once more. (open up) Your arms I need to hold you. (open up) Your heart oh girl I told you. Baby (don't you go) Baby (oh no no). (think it over and) Stay. Let's hang on to what we've got. Don't let go girl we've got a lot. Got a lot of love between us. Hang on hang on hang on. To what we've gotI-I love the colorful clothes she wears. And the way the sunlight plays upon her hair. I hear the sound of a gentle word. On the wind that lifts her perfume through the air. . I'm pickin' up good vibrations. She's giving me excitations (Oom bop bop). I'm pickin' up good vibrations (Good vibrations, oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations, oom bop bop). Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations, oom bop bop). Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations). . Close my eyes, she's somehow closer now. Softly smile, I know she must be kind. When I look in her eyes. She goes with me to a blossom world. . I'm pickin' up good vibrations. She's giving me excitations (Oom bop bop). I'm pickin' up good vibrations (Good vibrations, oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations, oom bop bop). Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations, oom bop bop). Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations). . (Ahh). (Ah, my my, what elation). I don't know where but she sends me there. (Oh, my my, what a sensation). (Oh, my my, what elation). (Oh, my my, what). . Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations a-happenin' with her. Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations a-happenin' with her. Gotta keep those lovin' good vibrations a-happenin'. . (Ahh). . Good, good, good, good vibrations (Oom bop bop). (I'm pickin' up good vibrations) (Oom bop bop). She's giving me excitations (Excitations, oom bop bop). Good, good, good, good vibrations. . Na na na na na, na na na. Na na na na na, na na na (Bop bop-bop-bop-bop, bop). Do do do do do, do do do (Bop bop-bop-bop-bop, bop). Do do do do do, do do do (Bop bop-bop-bop-bop, bop)Paperback writer (Paperback writer). Dear Sir or Madam. Will you read my book. It took me years to write. Will you take a look. It's based on a novel. By a man named Lear. And I need a job. So I want to be a paperback writer. Paperback writer. It's a dirty story of a dirty man. And his clinging wife doesn't understand. His son is working for the Daily Mail. It's a steady job. But he wants to be a paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer (Paperback writer). It's a thousand pages. Give or take a few. I'll be writing more in a week or two. I can make it longer if you like the style. I can change it 'round. And I want to be a paperback writer. Paperback writer. If you really like it you can have the rights. It can make a million for you overnight. If you must return it you can send it here. But I need a break. And I want to be a paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer (Paperback writer). Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writer. Paperback writerIn the town where I was born. Lived a man who sailed to sea. And he told us of his life. In the land of submarines. So we sailed up to the sun. Till we found the sea of green. And we lived beneath the waves. In our yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. And our friends are all on board. Many more of them live next door. And the band begins to play. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. [Full speed ahead, Mr. Parker, full speed ahead!. Full speed over here, sir!. Action station! Action station!. Aye, aye, sir, fire!. Heaven! Heaven!]. As we live a life of ease (A life of ease). Everyone of us (Everyone of us) has all we need (Has all we need). Sky of blue (Sky of blue) and sea of green (Sea of green). In our yellow (In our yellow) submarine (Submarine, ha, ha). We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarine. We all live in a yellow submarine. Yellow submarine, yellow submarineI see a red door and I want it painted black.. No colours anymore, I want them to turn black.. I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes. I have to turn my head until my darkness goes.. I see a line of cars and they're all painted black. With flowers and my love both never to come back.. I see people turn their heads and quickly look away.. Like a newborn baby, it just happens every day.. I look inside myself and see my heart is black.. I see my red door and must have it painted black.. Maybe then I'll fade away and not have to face the facts. It's not easy facin' up when your whole world is black.. No more will my green segel turn a deeper blue.. I could not foresee this thing happening to you.. If I look hard enough into the settin' sun. My love will laugh with me before the mornin' comes.. I see a red door and I want it painted black.. No colours anymore, I want them to turn black.. I see the girls go by dressed in their summer clothes. I have to turn my head until my darkness goes.. Hmm.... I wanna see your face painted black.. Black as night, black as coal.. I wanna see the sun blotted out from the sky.. I wanna see it painted, painted, painted, painted black, yeah!. Hmm...Ba-da ba-da-da-da. Ba-da ba-da-da-da. Ba-da ba-da-da-da. Monday, Monday. So good to me. Monday mornin', it was all I hoped it would be. Oh Monday mornin', Monday mornin' couldn't guarantee. That Monday evenin' you would still be here with me. Monday, Monday, can't trust that day. Monday, Monday, sometimes it just turns out that way. Oh Monday mornin' you gave me no warnin' of what was to be. Oh Monday, Monday, how could you leave and not take me. Every other day (every other day), every other day. Every other day of the week is fine, yeah. But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes. A-you can find me cryin' all of the time. Monday, Monday. So good to me. Monday mornin', it was all I hoped it would be. Oh Monday mornin', Monday mornin' couldn't guarantee. That Monday evenin' you would still be here with me. Every other day, every other day. Every other day of the week is fine, yeah. But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes. You can find me cryin' all of the time. Monday, Monday. So good to me. Monday mornin', it was all I hoped it would be. Oh Monday mornin', Monday mornin' couldn't guarantee. That Monday evenin' you would still be here with me. Every other day, every other day. Every other day of the week is fine, yeah. But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes. You can find me cryin' all of the time. Monday, Monday. Can't trust that day. Monday, Monday. It just turns out that way. Whoa, Monday, Monday, won't go away. Monday, Monday, it's here to stay. Oh Monday, Monday. Oh Monday, MondayWe Can Work It Out. Try to see it my way,. Do I have to keep on talking till I can't go on?. While you see it your way,. Run the risk of knowing that our love may soon be gone. We can work it out,. We can work it out. Think of what you're saying. You can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright. Think of what I'm saying,. We can work it out and get it straight, or say good night. We can work it out,. We can work it out. Life is very short, and there's no time. For fussing and fighting, my friend. I have always thought that it's a crime,. So I will ask you once again. Try to see it my way,. Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong. While you see it your way. There's a chance that we may fall apart before too long. We can work it out,. We can work it out. Life is very short, and there's no time. For fussing and fighting, my friend. I have always thought that it's a crime,. So I will ask you once again. Try to see it my way,. Only time will tell if I am right or I am wrong. While you see it your way. There's a chance that we may fall apart before too long. We can work it out,. We can work it outAh, look at all the lonely people. Ah, look at all the lonely people. Eleanor Rigby. Picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been. Lives in a dream. Waits at the window. Wearing a face that she keeps in a jar by the door. Who is it for?. All the lonely people. Where do they all come from?. All the lonely people. Where do they all belong?. Father McKenzie. Writing the words of a sermon that no-one will hear. No-one comes near. Look at him working. Darning his socks in the night when there's nobody there. What does he care?. All the lonely people. Where do they all come from?. All the lonely people. Where do they all belong?. Ah, look at all the lonely people. Ah, look at all the lonely people. Eleanor Rigby. Died in the church and was buried along with her name. Nobody came. Father McKenzie. Wiping the dirt from his hands as he walks from the grave. No-one was saved. All the lonely people (Ah, look at all the lonely people). Where do they all come from?. All the lonely people (Ah, look at all the lonely people). Where do they all belong?Michelle, ma belle. These are words that go together well. My Michelle. . Michelle, ma belle. Sont des mots qui vont tres bien ensemble. Tres bien ensemble. . I love you, I love you, I love you. That's all I want to say. Until I find a way. I will say the only words I know that you'll understand. . Michelle, ma belle. Sont des mots qui vont tres bien ensemble. Tres bien ensemble. . I need to, I need to, I need to. I need to make you see. Oh, what you mean to me. Until I do I'm hoping you will know what I mean. I love you. . I want you, I want you, I want you. I think you know by now. I'll get to you somehow. Until I do I'm telling you so you'll understand. . Michelle, ma belle. Sont des mots qui vont tres bien ensemble. Tres bien ensemble. And I will say the only words I know that you'll understand. My MichelleWild thing. You make my heart sing. You make everything groovy. Wild thing. Wild thing, I think I love you. But I wanna know for sure. Come on and hold me tight. I love you. Wild thing. You make my heart sing. You make everything groovy. Wild thing. Wild thing, I think you move me. But I wanna know for sure. So c'mon and hold me tight. You move me. Wild thing. You make my heart sing. You make everything groovy. Wild thing. C'mon, c'mon, wild thing. Shake it, shake it, wild thingAll the leaves are brown (All the leaves are brown). And the sky is grey (And the sky is grey). I've been for a walk (I've been for a walk). On a winter's day (On a winter's day). I'd be safe and warm (I'd be safe and warm). If I was in L.A. (If I was in L.A.). California dreamin' (California dreamin'). On such a winter's day. Stopped into a church. I passed along the way. Well, I got down on my knees (Got down on my knees). And I pretend to pray (I pretend to pray). You know the preacher liked the cold (Preacher liked the cold). He knows I'm gonna stay (Knows I'm gonna stay). California dreamin' (California dreamin'). On such a winter's day. All the leaves are brown (All the leaves are brown). And the sky is grey (And the sky is grey). I've been for a walk (I've been for a walk). On a winter's day (On a winter's day). If I didn't tell her (If I didn't tell her). I could leave today (I could leave today). California dreamin' (California dreamin'). On such a winter's day (California dreamin'). On such a winter's day (California dreamin'). On such a winter's dayYou're the kind of person you meet at certain dismal, dull affairs. Center of a crowd, talking much too loud, running up and down the stairs. Well, it seems to me that you have seen too much in too few years. And though you've tried you just can't hide your eyes are edged with tears. You better stop, look around. Here it comes, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes. Here comes your nineteenth nervous breakdown. When you were a child you were a treated kind. But you were never brought up right. You were always spoiled with a thousand toys but still you cried all night. Your mother who neglected you owes a million dollars tax. And your father's still perfecting ways of making sealing wax. You better stop, look around. Here it comes, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes. Here comes your nineteenth nervous breakdown. Oh, who's to blame, that girl's just insane. Well, nothing I do don't seem to work. It only seems to make the matters worse. Oh, please. You were still in school when you had that fool who really messed your mind. And after that you turned your back on treating people kind. On our first trip I tried so hard to rearrange your mind. But after a while I realized you were disarranging mine. You better stop, look around. Here it comes, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes. Here comes your nineteenth nervous breakdown. Oh, who's to blame, that girl's just insane. Well, nothing I do don't seem to work. It only seems to make the matters worse. Oh, please. When you were a child you were treated kind. But you were never brought up right. You were always spoiled with a thousand toys but still you cried all night. Your mother who neglected you owes a million dollars tax. And you father's still perfecting ways of making sealing wax. You better stop, look around. Here it comes, here comes your nineteenth nervous breakdownI'm just mad about Saffron,. Saffron's mad about me,. I'm-a just mad about Saffron,. She's just mad about me,. They call me Mellow Yellow (Quite Rightly),. They call me Mellow Yellow (Quite Rightly),. They call me Mellow Yellow,. I'm just mad about 14,. 14's mad about Me,. I'm-a just mad about-a 14,. A-she's just mad about me,. They call me mellow yellow,. They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow,. Born-a high forever to fly,. A-wind-a velocity nil,. Born-a high forever to fly,. If you want, your cup I will fill,. They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow,. So mellow yellow,. Electrical banana,. Is gonna be a sudden craze,. Electrical banana,. Is bound to be the very next phase,. They call it mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow,. Yes, saffron, yeah,. I'm just-a mad about her,. I'm-a just-a mad about-a saffron,. She's just mad about me,. They call it mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow (Quite rightly),. They call me mellow yellow,. Oh, so yellow,. Oh, so mellow,Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann. Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann. Ba ba ba ba Barbara Ann. You've got me rockin' and a-rollin'. Rockin' and a-reelin'. Barbara Ann. Went to a dance. Looking for romance. Saw Barbara Ann. So I thought I'd take a chance. Barbara Ann, take my hand. You've got me rockin' and a-rollin'. Rockin' and a reelin'. Barbara Ann. Tried Betty Sue. Tried Betty Lou. Tried Mary Sue. But I knew it wouldn't do. Barbara Ann, take my hand. You've got me rockin' and a-rolling. Rockin' and a-reeling. Barbara AnnSunshine came softly a-through my a-window today. Could've tripped out easy a-but I've a-changed my ways. It'll take time, I know it but in a while. You're gonna be mine, I know it, we'll do it in style. 'Cause I made my mind up you're going to be mine. I'll tell you right now. Any trick in the book a-now, baby, all that I can find. Everybody's hustlin' a-just to have a little scene. When I say we'll be cool, I think that you know what I mean. We stood on a beach at sunset, do you remember when?. I know a beach where, baby, a-it never ends. When you've made your mind up forever to be mine. Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. I'll pick up your hand and slowly blow your little mind. 'Cause I made my mind up you're going to be mine. I'll tell you right now. Any trick in the book a-now, baby, that I can find. Superman or Green Lantern ain't got a-nothin' on me. I can make like a turtle and dive for your pearls in the sea, yep. A-you you you can just sit there while thinking on your velvet throne. 'Bout all the rainbows a-you can a-have for your own. When you've made your mind up, forever to be mine. Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm. I'll pick up your hand and slowly blow your little mind. When you've made your mind up, forever to be mine. I'll pick up your hand, I'll pick up your handI was five and he was six. We rode on horses made of sticks. He wore black and I wore white. He would always win the fight. Bang bang, he shot me down. Bang bang, I hit the ground. Bang bang, that awful sound. Bang bang, my baby shot me down. Seasons came and changed the time. When I grew up, I called him mine. He would always laugh and say. "Remember when we used to play?". Bang bang, I shot you down. Bang bang, you hit the ground. Bang bang, that awful sound. Bang bang, I used to shoot you down. Music played and people sang. Just for me the church bells rang. Now he's gone, I don't know why. And 'till this day, sometimes I cry. He didn't even say goodbye. He didn't take the time to lie. Bang bang, he shot me down. Bang bang, I hit the ground. Bang bang, that awful sound. Bang bang, my baby shot me downSee the girl with cymbals on her fingers. Entering through the door. Ruby glistening from her navel. Shimmering around the floor. Bells on feet go, ting a ling a linging. Going through my head. Sweat is falling just-a-like-a tear drops. Running from her head. Now she dancing, going through the movements. Swaying to and fro. Body moving, bringing back a memory. Thoughts of long ago. Blood is rushing, temperature is rising. Sweating from my brow. Like a snake, her body fascinates me. I can’t look away now. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Give me time to breathe. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Or I’ll have to leave. Now, she’s moving all around the tables. Luring all in sight. But I know that she cannot see me. Hidden by the light. Closer, closer, she is getting nearer. Soon she’ll be in reach. As I enter into a spotlight. She stands lost for speech. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Give me time to breathe. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Or I’ll have to leave. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Give me time to breathe. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Or I’ll have to leave. Now I hold her, people are staring. Don’t know what to think. And we struggle knocking over tables. Spilling all the drinks. Can’t they understand that I want her?. Happens every week. Heavy hand upon my collar. Throws me in the street. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Give me time to breathe. Stop, stop, stop all the dancing. Or I’ll have to leave, leaveHe's a real nowhere man. Sitting in his nowhere land. Making all his nowhere plans for nobody. Doesn't have a point of view. Knows not where he's going to. Isn't he a bit like you and me?. Nowhere man, please listen (aaah-ah-la-la-la). You don't know what you're missing (aaah-ah-la-la-la). Nowhere man (aaah-ah-la-la-la). The world is at your command (aaah-aah-lala-lala-la). He's as blind as he can be. Just sees what he wants to see. Nowhere man, can you see me at all?. Nowhere man, don't worry (aaah-ah-la-la-la). Take your time; don't hurry (aaah-ah-la-la-la). Leave it all (aaah-ah-la-la-la). Till somebody else lends you a hand (aaah-aah-lala-lala). Doesn't have a point of view. Knows not where he's going to. Isn't he a bit like you and me?. Nowhere man please listen (aaah-ah-la-la-la). You don't know what you're missing (aaah-ah-la-la-la). Nowhere man (aaah-ah-la-la-la). The world is at your command (aaah-aah-lala-lala). He's a real nowhere man. Sitting in his nowhere land. Making all his nowhere plans for nobody. Making all his nowhere plans for nobody. Making all his nowhere plans for nobodyWhat a day for a daydream. What a day for a daydreamin' boy. And I'm lost in a daydream. Dreamin' 'bout my bundle of joy. And even if time ain't really on my side. It's one of those days for taking a walk outside. I'm blowing the day to take a walk in the sun. And fall on my face on somebody's new-mown lawn. I've been having a sweet dream. I been dreaming since I woke up today. It's starring me and my sweet thing. 'Cause she's the one makes me feel this way. And even if time is passing me by a lot. I couldn't care less about the dues you say I got. Tomorrow I'll pay the dues for dropping my load. A pie in the face for being a sleepy bull dog. And you can be sure that if you're feeling right. A daydream will last long into the night. Tomorrow at breakfast you may pick up your ears. Or you may be daydreaming for a thousand years. What a day for a daydream. Custom-made for a daydreaming boy. And I'm lost in a daydream. Dreaming 'bout my bundle of joyOh Sweet Pea, come on and dance with me. Come on, come on, come on and dance with me. Oh Sweet Pea, won't you be my girl?. Won't you? Won't you? Won't you be my girl?. I went to a dance just the other night. I saw a girl there she was out of sight. I asked a friend of mine who she could be. He said that her friends just call her Sweet Pea. Oh Sweet Pea, come on and dance with me. Come on, come on, come on and dance with me. Oh Sweet Pea, won't you be my girl?. Won't you? Won't you? Won't you be my girl?. I walked on over and asked her to dance. Thinkin' maybe later of makin' romance. But every guy there was thinkin' like me. I had to stand in line to get a dance with Sweet Pea. Oh Sweet Pea, come on and dance with me. Come on, come on, come on and dance with me. Oh Sweet Pea, won't you be my girl?. Won't you? Won't you? Won't you be my girl?. I finally got to whisper sweet words in her ear. Convinced her that we oughta get away from there. We took a little walk I held her close to me. And underneath the stars I said to Sweet Pea. Oh Sweet Pea I love you can't you see. Love you, love you, love you can't you see. Oh Sweet Pea, won't you be my girl?. Won't you? Won't you? Won't you be my girl?Good lovin'. Good lovin'. Good lovin'. Good lovin'. I was feelin' so bad. I asked my family doctor just what I had. I said, "Doctor, Mr. M.D.". (Doctor, doctor). "Now can you tell me what's ailin' me". (Doctor). He said, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah". (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah). Yes, indeed. All I, I really need. Good lovin'. (Now gimme that good, good lovin'). Good lovin'. (All I need is lovin'). Good lovin'. (Good, good lovin', baby). Good lovin'. Honey, please squeeze me tight. (Squeeze me tight). Don't you want your baby to be all right. (Be all right). I said, "Baby, now it's for sure". (Baby, it's for sure). "I got the fever, yeah, and you got the cure". (Got the cure). Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah). Yes indeed. All I really need. Good lovin'. (C'mon, gimme that lovin'). Good lovin'. (All I need is lovin'). Good lovin'. (Good, good lovin', baby). Good lovin'. Good lovin'. Good lovin'. Good lovin'. (All I need is lovin'). Good lovin'. (All I want is lovin'). Good lovin'. (Lovin' early in the morning). Good lovin'. (Lovin' you late at night). Good lovin'. (Love, love). Good lovin'. (Love, love, love, love, lovin')I may not always love you. But long as there are stars above you. You never need to doubt it. I'll make you so sure about it. God only knows what I'd be without you. If you should ever leave me. Though life would still go on, believe me. The world could show nothing to me. So what good would living do me?. God only knows what I'd be without you. God only knows what I'd be without you. If you should ever leave me. Though life would still go on, believe me. The world could show nothing to me. So what good would living do me?. God only knows what I'd be without you. God only knows what I'd be without you. God only knows what I'd be without you. ...Do-doo-doo-wah, shoo-be-doo-be. Do-doo-doo-wah, shoo-be-doo-be. . How can you tell me how much you miss me. When the last time I saw you, you wouldn't even kiss me. That rich guy you've been seein' must have put you down. So welcome back, baby, to the poor side of town. . To him you were nothin' but a little plaything. Not much more than an overnight fling. To me you were the greatest thing this boy had ever found. And girl, it's hard to find nice things on the poor side of town. . I can't blame you for tryin'. I'm tryin' to make it too. I've got one little hang up, baby. I just can't make it without you. . So tell me, are you gonna stay now?. Will you stand by me, girl, all the way now?. With you by my side, they can't keep us down. Together we can make it, baby, from the poor side of town. . So tell me how much you love me?. Come near to me and say you need me now. Oh, with you by my side this world can't keep us down. Together we can make it, baby, from the poor side of town. . Do-doo-doo-wah, shoo-be-doo-be. Do-doo-doo-wah, shoo-be-doo-be. Do-doo-doo-wah, shoo-be-doo-beIt is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Smiling faces I can see. But not for me. I sit and watch. As tears go by. My riches can't buy everything. I want to hear the children sing. All I hear is the sound. Of rain falling on the ground. I sit and watch. As tears go by. It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Doin' things I used to do. They think are new. I sit and watch. As tears go byGuantanamera, guajira guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira guantanamera. Yo soy un hombre sincero. De don de crece la palma. Yo soy un hombre sincero. De don de crece la palma. Yantes des morirme guiero. Echar mis versos del alma. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira guantanamera. I'm just a man who is trying. To do some good before dying. To ask each man and his brother. To bear no ill toward each other. This life will never be hollow. To those who listen and follow. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. I write my rhymes with no learning. And yet with truth they are burning. But is the world waiting for them?. Or will they all just ignore them?. Have I a poet's illusion. A dream to die in seclusion?. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira; guantanamera. A little brook on a mountain. The cooling spray of a fountain. Arouse in me an emotion. More than the vast boundless ocean. For there's a wealth beyond measure. In little things that we treasure. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanamera. Guantanamera, guajira, guantanameraI saw her again last night. And you know that I shouldn't. Just string her along, it's just not right. If I couldn't I wouldn't. But what can I do, I'm lonely too. And it makes me feel so good to know. (And it makes me feel so good to know). She'll never leave me. I'm in way over my head. Now she thinks that I love her. (Yeah, yeah). Because that's what I said. Though I never think of her. (No no, never think of her). But what can I do, I'm lonely too. And it makes me feel so good to know. (And it makes me feel so good to know). She'll never leave me. Every time I see that girl. You know I wanna lay down and die. But I really need that girl. Though I'm living a lie. (Though I'm living a lie). It makes me wanna cry. I saw her again last night. And you know that I shouldn't. Just string her along, it's just not right. If I couldn't then I wouldn't. But what can I do, I'm lonely too. And it makes me feel so good to know. (And it makes me feel so good to know). She'll never leave me. (To know, know). But what can I do, I'm lonely too. Yeah, and it makes me feel so good to know. She'll never leave me. Every time I see that girl. You know I wanna lay down and die. But I really need that girl. Though I'm living a lie. (Though I'm living a lie). It makes me wanna cry. I saw her. I saw her again last night. And you know that I shouldn't. (No no). Just string her along, it's just not right. If I couldn't, I wouldn't. (You say). I'm in way over my head. Now she thinks that I love her. (Yeah, yeah). Because that's what I saidEight miles high. And when you touch down. You'll find that it's stranger than known. Signs in the street. That say where you're going. Are somewhere just being their own. Nowhere is. There warmth to be found. Among those afraid of losing their ground. Rain-gray town. Known for its sound. In places, small faces unbound. Round the squares. Huddled in storms. Some laughing, some just shapeless forms. Sidewalk scenes. And black limousines. Some living, some standing aloneThe Left Banke. Miscellaneous. Walk Away Renee. And when I see the sign that points one way . The lot we used to pass by every day . . CHORUS 1: . Just walk away, Renee . You won't see me follow you back home . The empty sidewalks on my block are not the same . You're not to blame . . From deep inside the tears that I'm forced to cry . From deep inside the pain that I chose to hide . . CHORUS 2: . Just walk away, Renee . You won't see me follow you back home . Now, as the rain beats down upon my weary eyes, . For me, it cries . . FLUTE SOLO . . CHORUS 2 . . Your name and mine inside a heart upon a wall . Still finds a way to haunt me though they're so small . . CHORUS 1They seek him here, they seek him there. His clothes are loud, but never square. It will make or break him so he's got to buy the best. 'Cause he's a dedicated follower of fashion. . And when he does his little rounds. 'Round the boutiques of London Town. Eagerly pursuing all the latest fads and trends. 'Cause he's a dedicated follower of fashion. . Oh yes he is, oh yes he is. (Oh yes he is, oh yes he is). He thinks he is a flower to be looked at. And when he pulls his frilly nylon panties right up tight. He feels a dedicated follower of fashion. . Oh yes he is, oh yes he is. (Oh yes he is, oh yes he is). There's one thing that he loves and that is flattery. One week he's in polka-dots, the next week he is in stripes. 'Cause he's a dedicated follower of fashion. . They seek him here, they seek him there. In Regent Street and Leicester Square. Everywhere the Carnabetian army marches on. Each one an dedicated follower of fashion. . Oh yes he is, oh yes he is. (Oh yes he is, oh yes he is). His world is built 'round discotheques and parties. This pleasure-seeking individual always looks his best. 'Cause he's a dedicated follower of fashion. . Oh yes he is, oh yes he is. (Oh yes he is, oh yes he is). He flits from shop to shop just like a butterfly. In matters of the cloth he is as fickle as can be. 'Cause he's a dedicated follower of fashion. . He's a dedicated follower of fashion. He's a dedicated follower of fashionA-breakin' rocks in the hot sun. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law won. I needed money 'cause I had none. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law won. I left my baby and I feel so sad. I guess my race is run. Well, she's the best girl I've ever had. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law won. A-robbin' people with a six-gun. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law won. I miss my baby and-a good fun. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law won. I left my baby and I feel so bad. I guess my race is run. Well, she's the best girl I've ever had. I fought the law and the law won. I fought the law and the law wonDid you ever have to make up your mind?. You pick up on one and leave the other one behind. It's not often easy and not often kind. Did you ever have to make up your mind?. Did you ever have to finally decide?. And say yes to one and let the other one ride. There's so many changes and tears you must hide. Did you ever have to finally decide?. Sometimes there's one with deep blue eyes, cute as a bunny. With hair down to here and plenty of money. And just when you think she's that one in the world. Your heart gets stolen by some mousy little girl. And then you know you better make up your mind. And pick up on one and leave the other one behind. It's not often easy and not often kind. Did you ever have to make up your mind?. Sometimes you really dig a girl the moment you kiss her. And then you get distracted by her older sister. When in walks her father and takes you in line. And says, "Better go home, son, and make up your mind". Then you bet you'd better finally decide. And say yes to one and let the other one ride. There's so many changes and tears you must hide. Did you ever have to finally decide?Remember David's eyes. The way he used to hypnotize his young. Remember David's words. The words he said to us when we were small. Remember David's hair. The way his long hair fell across his brow. Remember David's smile. I wonder where he's gone to now?. The world keeps on turning. Everybody's asking questions. Tell me David, what's the secret?. Tell me David, what's the answer?. Remember David's eyes. The gray-green eyes he hides his world behind. And all the things he saw. He saw for us when we were blind. Remember David's smile. The spirit moves tonight to make you shine. Remember David's words. The words he said would last all time. He said the world keeps on turning. Everybody's laughing at me. Tell me David, what's the secret?. Tell me David do you have the answer?. Do you have the answer?. He said the world keeps on turning. Everybody's laughing at me. Tell me David, what's the secret?. Tell me David, what's the answer?. The day that David died. The world stood still. The stars refused to shine. And now he's far away from love. That was his only crime. The spirit moves tonight. To make your young heart. Make your young heart shine. The words he said to us. I'll carry with me for all time. He said the world keeps on turning. Everybody's laughing at me. Tell me David, what's the question?. Tell me David, what's the answer?. Tell me David, what's the answer?. The world keeps on turning. Everybody's laughing at me. Tell me David, what's the secret?. The world keeps on turning. The world keeps on turning. The world keeps on turn, turnWhat a drag it is getting old. "Kids are different today," I hear every mother say. Mother needs something today to calm her down. And though she's not really ill, there's a little yellow pill. She goes running for the shelter of her mother's little helper. And it helps her on her way, gets her through her busy day. "Things are different today," I hear every mother say. Cooking fresh food for her husband's just a drag. So she buys an instant cake, and she burns a frozen steak. And goes running for the shelter of her mother's little helper. And two help her on her way, get her through her busy day. Doctor, please, some more of these. Outside the door, she took four more. What a drag it is getting old. "Men just aren't the same today," I hear every mother say. They just don't appreciate that you get tired. They're so hard to satisfy, you can tranquilize your mind. So go running for the shelter of a mother's little helper. And four help you through the night, help to minimize your plight. Doctor, please, some more of these. Outside the door, she took four more. What a drag it is getting old. "Life's just much too hard today," I hear every mother say. The pursuit of happiness just seems a bore. And if you take more of those, you will get an overdose. No more running for the shelter of a mother's little helper. They just helped you on your way, through your busy dying day. HeyWhen you complain and, and criticize. I feel I'm nothing in your eyes. It makes me feel like giving up. Because my best just ain't good enough. Girl, I want to provide for you. And do all the things that you want me to, but. Oh, oh no, don't bring me down. I'm beggin' you darlin'. Oh, oh no, don't bring me down. Sacrifices, I will make. I'm ready to give, as well as take. One thing I need is your respect. One thing I can't take is your neglect. More than anything, I need your love. Then troubles are easy to rise above. Oh, oh no, don't bring me down. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, oh no, don't bring me down. You complain and criticize. I feel I'm nothing in your eyes. It makes me feel like giving up. Because my best just ain't good enough. Girl, I want to provide for you. Do all the things that you want me to, but. Oh, oh no, don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm beggin', oh no, don't bring me down. Oh, no no, baby. Please, oh no, no don't bring me down. I need your tender lovin'. So please don't bring me down. Oh, baby, baby, baby don't hurt me. Don't bring me down. Oh no, please don't bring me downI feel depressed, I feel so bad. 'Cause you're the best girl that I ever had. I can't get your love, I can't get a fraction. Uh-oh, little girl, psychotic reaction. (Shouted) And it feels like this!. I feel so lonely night and day. I can't get your love, I must stay away. I need you girl, by my side. Uh-oh, little girl, would you like to take a ride, now. I can't get your love, I can't get satisfaction. Uh-oh, little girl, psychotic reactionNAIf I were a carpenter. And you were a lady. Would you marry me anyway?. Would you have my baby?. If a tinker were my trade. Would you still find me. Carrin' the pots I made. Followin' behind me?. Save my love through loneliness. Save my love for sorrow. I've given you my onliness. Come and give me your tomorrow. If I worked my hands in wood. Would you still love me?. Answer me, babe, "Yes I would. I'll put you above me". If I were a miller. At a mill wheel grinding. Would you miss your color box. Your soft shoe shining?. If I were a carpenter. And you were a lady. Would you marry me anyway?. Would you have my baby?. Would you marry me anyway?. Would you have my baby?There's a crack up in the ceiling. And the kitchen sink is leaking. Out of work and got no money. A Sunday joint of bread and honey. What are we living for?. Two-roomed apartment on the second floor. No money coming in. The rent collector's knocking, trying to get in. We are strictly second class. Now we don't understand. Dead end, why we should be on dead end street?. Dead end, people are living on dead end street. Dead end, gonna die on dead end street, no, no. Dead end street, yeah. Dead end street, yeah. On a cold and frosty morning. Wipe my eyes and stop me yawning. And my feet are nearly frozen. Boil the tea and put some toast on. What are we living for?. Two-roomed apartment on the second floor. No chance to emigrate. I'm deep in debt and now it's much too late. We both want to work so hard. But we can't get the chance. Dead end, why we should be on dead end street?. Dead end, people are living on dead end street. Dead end, gonna die on dead end street. Dead end street, yeah. Dead end street, yeah. Dead end street, yeah. Head to my feet, yeah. Dead end street. Dead end street, I like that. How's it feel?. How's it feel?. Dead end street. Dead end streetMichelle ma belle. These are words that go together well. My michelle. Michelle ma belle. Sont les mots qui vont trés bien ensemble. Trés bien ensemble. I love you, I love you, I love you. That? s all I want to say. Until I find a way. I will say the only words I know that you? ll understand. Michelle ma belle. Sont les mots qui vont trés bien ensemble. Trés bien ensemble. I need to, I need to, I need to. I need to make you see. Oh what you mean to me. Until I do I? m hoping you will know what I mean. I love you. I want you, I want you, I want you. I think you know by now. I? ll get to you somehow. Until I do I? m telling you so you? ll understand. Michelle ma belle. Sont les mots qui vont trés bien ensemble. Trés bien ensemble. And I will say the only words I know that you? ll understand. My michelleProcol Harum. Miscellaneous. A Whiter Shade Of Pale. We skipped the light fandango. And turned cartwheels across the floor. I was feeling kind of seasick. The crowd called out for more. The room was humming harder. As the ceiling flew away. Whe we called out for another drink. The waiter brought a tray. . And so it was that later. As the miller told his tale. That her face at first just ghostly. Turned a whiter shade of pale. . She said there is no reason. And the truth is plain to see. But I wandered through my playing cards. Would not let her be. One of sixteen vestal virgins. Who were leaving for the coast. At the moment my eyes were open. They might just as well have been closed. . And so it was that later. As the miller told his tale. That her face at first just ghostly. Turned a whiter shade of paleLove, love, love. Love, love, love. Love, love, love. There's nothing you can do that can't be done. Nothing you can sing that can't be sung. Nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the game. It's easy. There's nothing you can make that can't be made. No one you can save that can't be saved. Nothing you can do but you can learn how to be you in time. It's easy. All you need is love. All you need is love. All you need is love, love. Love is all you need. (Love, love, love). (Love, love, love). (Love, love, love). All you need is love. All you need is love. All you need is love, love. Love is all you need. There's nothing you can know that isn't known. Nothing you can see that isn't shown. There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be. It's easy. All you need is love. All you need is love. All you need is love, love. Love is all you need. All you need is love, all together now. All you need is love, everybody. All you need is love, love. Love is all you need. Love is all you need. Love is all you need. Love is all you need...You say yes, I say no. You say stop and I say go go go, oh no. You say goodbye and I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. I say high, you say low. You say why and I say I don't know, oh no. You say goodbye and I say hello. (Hello goodbye hello goodbye) Hello hello. (Hello goodbye) I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. (Hello goodbye hello goodbye) Hello hello. (Hello goodbye) I don't know why you say goodbye. (Hello goodbye) I say hello/goodbye. Why why why why why why do you say goodbye goodbye, oh no?. You say goodbye and I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. You say yes (I say yes) I say no (But I may mean no). You say stop (I can stay) and I say go go go (Till it's time to go), oh. Oh no. You say goodbye and I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello. Hello hello. I don't know why you say goodbye, I say hello hello. Hela heba helloa. Hela heba helloa, cha cha cha. Hela heba helloa, wooo. Hela heba helloa, hela. Hela heba helloa, cha cha cha. Hela heba helloa, wooo. Hela heba helloa, cha cha chaIn Penny Lane there is a barber showing photographs. Of every head he's had the pleasure to know. And all the people that come and go. Stop and say hello. On the corner is a banker with a motorcar. The little children laugh at him behind his back. And the banker never wears a mac in the pouring rain. Very strange. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes. Here beneath the blue suburban skies. I sit and meanwhile back in. Penny Lane there is a fireman with an hourglass. And in his pocket is a portrait of the Queen. He likes to keep his fire engine clean. It's a clean machine. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes. For a fish and finger pie. In summer meanwhile back. Behind the shelter in the middle of a roundabout. A pretty nurse is selling poppies from a tray. And though she feels as if she's in a play. She is anyway. Penny Lane, the barber shaves another customer. We see the banker sitting waiting for a trim. And then the fireman rushes in from the pouring rain. Very strange. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes. There beneath the blue suburban skies. I sit and meanwhile back. Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes. There beneath the blue suburban skies. Penny LaneGimme a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a-goin' home. My baby, just-a wrote me a letter. I don't care how much money I gotta spend. Got to get back to my baby again. Lonely days are gone, I'm a-goin' home. My baby, just-a wrote me a letter. Well, she wrote me a letter. Said she couldn't live without me no more. Listen mister, can't you see I got to get back. To my baby once-a more. Anyway, yeah!. Gimme a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a-goin' home. My baby, just-a wrote me a letter. Well, she wrote me a letter. Said she couldn't live without me no more. Listen mister, can't you see I got to get back. To my baby once-a more. Anyway, yeah!. Gimme a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a-goin' home. My baby, just-a wrote me a letter, my baby just-a wrote me a letterYou know that it would be untrue. You know that I would be a liar. If I was to say to you. Girl, we couldn't get much higher. Come on baby light my fire. Come on baby light my fire. Try to set the night on, fire. The time to hesitate is through. No time to wallow in the mire. Try now we can only lose. And our love become a funeral pyre. Come on baby light my fire. Come on baby light my fire. Try to set the night on, fire yeah. The time to hesitate is through. No time to wallow in the mire. Try now we can only lose. And our love become a funeral pyre. Come on baby light my fire. Come on baby light my fire. Try to set the night on, fire yeah. You know that it would be untrue. You know that I would be a liar. If I was to say to you. Girl, we couldn't get much higher. Come on baby light my fire. Come on baby light my fire. Try to set the night on fire. Try to set the night on fire. Try to set the night on fire. Try to set the night on fireI know I stand in line until you think. You have the time to spend an evening with me. And if we go someplace to dance. I know that there's a chance you won't be leaving with me. And afterwards we drop into a quiet little place. And have a drink or two.... And then I go and spoil it all by saying. Something stupid like I love you. I can see it in your eyes that you despise. The same old lines you heard the night before.... And though it's just a line to you for me it's true.... And never seemed so right before. I practice everyday to find some clever lines. To say to make the meaning come true.... But then I think I'll wait until the evening gets late. And I'm alone with you. The time is right your perfume fills my head.... The stars get red and on the nights so blue.... And then I go and spoil it all by saying. Something stupid like I love you. SONGWRITERS. HART, LORENZ / RODGERS, RICHARDLet me take you down. â€~Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real. And nothing to get hung about. Strawberry Fields forever. . Living is easy with eyes closed. Misunderstanding all you see. It's getting hard to be someone. But it all works out. It doesn't matter much to me. . Let me take you down. â€~Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real. And nothing to get hung about. Strawberry Fields forever. . No one I think is in my tree. I mean it must be high or low. That is you can't, you know, tune in. But it's all right. That is I think it's not too bad. . Let me take you down. â€~Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real. And nothing to get hung about. Strawberry Fields forever. . Always, no sometimes, think it's me. But you know I know when it's a dream. I think I know I mean a yes. But it's all wrong. That is I think I disagree. . Let me take you down. â€~Cause I'm going to Strawberry Fields. Nothing is real. And nothing to get hung about. Strawberry Fields forever. Strawberry Fields forever. Strawberry Fields foreverShe would never say where she came from. Yesterday don't matter when it's gone. While the sun is bright. Or in the darkest night. No one knows. She comes and goes. Goodbye, Ruby Tuesday. Who could hang a name on you?. When you smile with every new day. Still I'm gonna miss you.... Don't question why she needs to be so free. She'll tell you it's the only way to be. She just can't be chained. To a life where nothing's gained. And nothing's lost. At such a cost. There's no time to lose, I heard her say. Catch your dreams before they slip away. Dying all the time. Lose your dreams. And you will lose your mind.. Ain't life unkind?. Goodbye, Ruby Tuesday. Who could hang a name on you?. When you smile with every new day. Still I'm gonna miss you...It was the third of June, another sleepy, dusty Delta day. I was out choppin' cotton and my brother was balin' hay. And at dinner time we stopped and walked back to the house to eat. And Mama hollered out the back door "Y'all remember to wipe your feet". And then she said "I got some news this mornin' from Choctaw Ridge". "Today Billie Joe MacAllister jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge". And Papa said to Mama as he passed around the blackeyed peas. "Well, Billie Joe never had a lick of sense, pass the biscuits, please". "There's five more acres in the lower forty I've got to plow". And Mama said it was shame about Billie Joe, anyhow. Seems like nothin' ever comes to no good up on Choctaw Ridge. And now Billie Joe MacAllister's jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge. And Brother said he recollected when he and Tom and Billie Joe. Put a frog down my back at the Carroll County picture show. And wasn't I talkin' to him after church last Sunday night?. "I'll have another piece of apple pie, you know it don't seem right". "I saw him at the sawmill yesterday on Choctaw Ridge". "And now you tell me Billie Joe's jumped off the Tallahatchie Bridge". And Mama said to me "Child, what's happened to your appetite?". "I've been cookin' all morning and you haven't touched a single bite". "That nice young preacher, Brother Taylor, dropped by today". "Said he'd be pleased to have dinner on Sunday, oh, by the way". "He said he saw a girl that looked a lot like you up on Choctaw Ridge". "And she and Billie Joe was throwing somethin' off the Tallahatchie Bridge". A year has come 'n' gone since we heard the news 'bout Billie Joe. And Brother married Becky Thompson, they bought a store in Tupelo. There was a virus going 'round, Papa caught it and he died last Spring. And now Mama doesn't seem to wanna do much of anything. And me, I spend a lot of time pickin' flowers up on Choctaw Ridge. And drop them into the muddy water off the Tallahatchie BridgeOne pill makes you larger. And one pill makes you small. And the ones that mother gives you. Don't do anything at all. Go ask Alice. When she's ten feet tall. . And if you go chasing rabbits. And you know you're going to fall. Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar. Has given you the call. To call Alice. When she was just small. . When the men on the chessboard. Get up and tell you where to go. And you've just had some kind of mushroom. And your mind is moving low. Go ask Alice. I think she'll know. . When logic and proportion. Have fallen slowly dead. And the White Knight is talking backwards. And the Red Queen's off with her head. Remember what the dormouse said. "Feed your head, feed your head"Groovin' on a Sunday afternoon. Really couldn't get away too soon. I can't imagine anything that's better. The world is ours whenever we're together. There ain't a place I'd like to be instead of. Movin' down a crowded avenue. Doing anything we like to do. There's always lots of things that we can see. You can be anyone we like to be. All those happy people we could meet. Just groovin' on a Sunday afternoon. Really, couldn't get away too soon. No, No, No.... We'll keep on spending sunny days this way. We're gonna talk and laugh our time away. I feel it coming closer day by day. Life would be ecstasy, you and me endlessly. Groovin' on a Sunday afternoon. Really couldn't get away to soon. No, No, No, No. Groovin'. Groovin'. No, No, No, No. Groovin...Hey, where did we go. Days when the rains came?. Down in the hollow. Playin' a new game. Laughin' and a-runnin', hey hey. Skippin' and a-jumpin'. In the misty mornin' fog. With our, our hearts a-thumpin'. And you, my brown eyed girl. You my brown eyed girl. And whatever happened. To Tuesday and so slow. Going down the old mine. With a transistor radio. Standin' in the sunlight laughin'. Hidin' behind a rainbow's wall. Slippin' and a-slidin'. All along the waterfall. With you, my brown eyed girl. You my brown eyed girl. Do you remember when. We used to sing?. Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da. Just like that. Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da. La te da. So hard to find my way. Now that I'm all on my own. I saw you just the other day. My, how you have grown. Cast my memory back there Lord. Sometimes I'm overcome thinkin' 'bout it. Makin' love in the green grass. Behind the stadium. With you, my brown eyed girl. You my brown eyed girl. Do you remember when. We used to sing?. Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da.   (Lyin' in the green grass!). Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da.   (Bit by bit by bit by bit by bit by bit). Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te da.   (Sha la la la la, la la la la, la te da, la te da, la te da, da da da). Sha la la, la la, la la, la la, l-la te daRoyal Guardsmen. Miscellaneous. Snoopy Vs The Red Baron. After the turn of the century. In the clear blue skies over Germany. Came a roar and a thunder men had never heard. Like the scream and the sound of a big war bird. Up in the sky, a man in a plane. Baron von Richthofen was his name. Eighty men tried, and eighty men died. Now they're buried together on the countryside. .  Chorus:. Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty or more. The Bloody Red Baron was rollin' out the score. Eighty men died tryin' to end that spree. Of the Bloody Red Baron of Germany. . In the nick of time, a hero arose. A funny-looking dog with a big black nose. He flew into the sky to seek revenge. But the Baron shot him down--"Curses, foiled again!". .  (chorus). . Now, Snoopy had sworn that he'd get that man. So he asked the Great Pumpkin for a new battle plan. He challenged the German to a real dogfight. While the Baron was laughing, he got him in his sight. . That Bloody Red Baron was in a fix. He'd tried everything, but he'd run out of tricks. Snoopy fired once, and he fired twice. And that Bloody Red Baron went spinning out of sight. .  (chorus, to fade). . "Snoopy vs. The Red Baron," The Royal GuardsmenDon't you worry 'bout what's on your mind, oh my. I'm in no hurry, I can take my time, oh my. I'm going red and my tounge's getting tied . (Tounge's getting tied). I'm off my head and my mouth's getting dry. I'm high, but I try, try, try, oh my. Let's spend the night together. Now I need you more than ever. Let's spend the night together now. I feel so strong that I can't disguise, oh my. But I just can't apologize, oh no. Don't hang me up and don't let me down . (Don't let me down). We could have fun just groovin' around. Around, around, around, oh my. Let's spend the night together. Now I need you more than ever. Let's spend the night together. Let's spend the night together. Now I need you more than ever. You know I'm smiling, baby. You need some guiding, baby. I'm just deciding, baby, now. I need you more than ever. Let's spend the night together. Let's spend the night together now. Oh my my my my my my my. This doesn't happen to me ev'ry day, oh my . (Let's spend the night together). No excuses offered anyway, oh my . (Let's spend the night together). I'll satisfy your every need (Your every need). And now I know you will satisfy me. Oh my my my my my my. (Let's spend the night together). (Now I need you more than ever). (Let's spend the night together). Together now, oh my my my my my my my. (Let's spend the night together). Now I need you, need you more than ever, oh my. (Let's spend the night together). I'll satisfy your every need, whoa my my. (Let's spend the night together). Now I know, I know you'll satisfy me, whoa my my. (Let's spend the night together). I beg you baby, whoa my my my my my myNAJimi Hendrix. Miscellaneous. Purple Haze. Purple haze all in my brain . Lately things just don't seem the same . Actin' funny, but I don't know why . 'Scuse me while I kiss the sky. Purple haze all around . Don't know if I'm comin' up or down . Am I happy or in misery? . Whatever it is that girl put a spell on me . . Purple haze all in my eyes . Don't know if it's day or night . You got me blowin', blowin' my mind . Is it tomorrow, or just the end of time?NAHappy Jack wasn't old, but he was a man. He lived in the sand at the Isle of Man. The kids all would sing, he would take the wrong key. So they rode on his head with their furry donkey. But they never stopped Jack in the water lapping. And they couldn't distract him from the sea gulls flapping. The kids couldn't hurt Jack. They tried and tried and tried. They dropped things on his back. And lied and lied and lied and lied and lied. They never stopped Jack nor the water lapping. And they couldn't prevent Jack from feeling happy. The kids all would sing, he would take the wrong key. So they rode on his head in their furry donkey. But they never stopped Jack nor all the water lapping. And they couldn't prevent Jack from feeling happy. The kids couldn't hurt Jack. They tried and tried and tried. They dropped things on his back. And lied and lied and lied and lied and lied. But they never stopped Jack nor the waters lapping. And they couldn't prevent Jack from feeling happyBaby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need me. Baby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need me. Baby, baby, since first we met. I knew in this heart of mine, I wanna tell you. The love we had could not be bad. Play it right and bide my time. Spent a lifetime looking for somebody. To give me love like you. Now you've told me that you wanna leave me. Darling, I just can't let you. Baby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need me. Baby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need me. Spent a lifetime looking for somebody. To give me love like you. Now you've told me that you wanna leave me. Darling, I just can't let you. Baby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need me. Baby, now that I've found you, I can't let you go. I'll build my world around you, I need you so. Baby, even though you don't need me. You don't need meHa! Ha! Said the clown, has the king lost his crown. Is the night being tight on romance. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, is it bringing you down. That you've lost your chance. Feeling low, gotta go, see a show in town. Hear the jokes, have a smoke, and a laugh at the clown. In a whirl, see a girl with a smile in her eyes. Never thought I'd be brought right down by her lies. In a trance, watch her dance to the beat of the drums. Faster now, sweating brow, I'm all the fingers and thumbs. Wonder why I hit the sky when she blows me a kiss. In a while, run a mile, I'm regretting all this. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, has the king lost his crown. Is the night being tight on romance. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, is it bringing you down. That you've lost your chance. Time to go, close the show, wave the people goodbye. Grab my coat, grab my hat, look that girl in the eye. Where's your home, what's your phone number, stop fooling 'round. Could have died, she replied, "I'm the wife of the clown". Ha! Ha! Said the clown, has the king lost his crown. Is the night being tight on romance. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, is it bringing you down. That you've lost your chance. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, has the king lost his crown. Is the night being tight on romance. Ha! Ha! Said the clown, is it bringing you downDirty old river, must you keep rolling. Flowing into the night. People so busy, make me feel dizzy. Taxi light shines so bright. . But I don't feel afraid. As long as I gaze at. Waterloo sunset. I am in Paradise. . Every day I look at the world. From my window. Chilly, chilly is the evening time. Waterloo sunset's fine. . Terry meets July. Waterloo station. Every Friday night. But I'm so lazy don't want to wander. I stay at home with dad. . But I don't feel afraid. As long as I gaze at. Waterloo sunset. I am in Paradise. Waterloo sunset's fineAssociation. Greatest Hits. Never My Love. (Don Addrisi/Dick Addrisi). . You ask me if there'll come a time. When I grow tired of you. Never my love. Never my love. . You wonder if this heart of mine. Will lose its desire for you. Never my love. Never my love. . What makes you think love will end. When you know that my whole life depends on you. . You say you fear I'll change my mind. I won't require you. Never my love. Never my love. . How can you think love will end. When I've asked you to spend your whole life with me. Never my love. Never my love. --------------------------------------------------------The Who. Miscellaneous. I Can See For Miles. I Can See For Miles. The Who. (Townshend). I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise. I know that you have 'cause there's magic in my eyes. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles. Oh yeah. If you think that I don't know about the little tricks you've played. And never see you when deliberately you put things in my way. Well, here's a poke at you. You're gonna choke on it too. You're gonna lose that smile. Beacuse all the while. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles. Oh yeah. You took advantage of my trust in you when I was so far away. I saw you holding lots of other guys and now you've got the nerve to say. That you still want me. Well, that's as may be. But you gotta stand trial. Because all the while. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles. Oh yeah. I know you've deceived me, now here's a surprise. I know that you have 'cause there's magic in my eyes. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles. Oh yeah. The Eiffel Tower and the Taj Mahal are mine to see on clear days. You thought that I would need a crystal ball to see right through the haze. Well, here's a poke at you. You're gonna choke on it too. You're gonna lose that smile. Beacuse all the while. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles and miles and miles and miles. and miles and miles and miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and miles. I can see for miles and milesNANAWho's peeking out from under a stairway. Calling a name that's lighter than air?. Who's bending down to give me a rainbow?. Everyone knows it's Windy. Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's Windy. And Windy has stormy eyes. That flash at the sound of lies. And Windy has wings to fly. Above the clouds (Above the clouds). Above the clouds (Above the clouds). And Windy has stormy eyes. That flash at the sound of lies. And Windy has wings to fly. Above the clouds (Above the clouds). Above the clouds (Above the clouds). Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's Windy. Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's Windy. Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's Windy. Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's Windy. Who's tripping down the streets of the city. Smiling at everybody she sees?. Who's reaching out to capture a moment?. Everyone knows it's WindyKEY OF G. While I'm far away from you, my baby. I know it's hard for you, my baby. Because it's hard for me, my baby. And the darkest hour is just before dawn. Each night before you go to bed, my baby. Whisper a little prayer for me, my baby, yeah. And tell all the stars above. This is dedicated to the one I love. Life can never be. Exactly like we want it to be. I could be satisfied. Knowing you love me. If there's one thing I want you to do. Especially for me. And it's something that everybody needs. While I'm far away from you, my baby. Whisper a little prayer for me, my baby, yeah. Because it's hard for me, my baby. And the darkest hour is just before dawn. If there's one thing I want you to do. Especially for me. And it's something that everybody needs. Each night before you go to bed, my baby. Whisper a little prayer for me, my baby, yeah. And tell all the stars above. This is dedicated to the one I love. This is dedicated to the one I love. This is dedicated to the one I love. This is dedicated to the one I love. This is dedicated. This is dedicatedWe don't care if you only love, 'We'. We don't care if you only love, 'We'. We love you, we love you. We hope that you will love, 'We' too. We love, 'They', we love, 'They'. We want you to love, 'They' too. We don't care if you hound, 'We'. And love is all around, 'We'. Love can't get our minds off. We love you, we love you. You will never win, 'We'. Your uniforms don't fit, 'We'. We forget the place we're in. 'Cause we love you, we love you of course, we do. I love you, I love you. And I hope that you won't prove wrong too. We love you, we do. We love you, we doYou're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off you. You'd be like heaven to touch. I wanna hold you so much. At long last love has arrived. And I thank God I'm alive. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off you. Pardon the way that I stare. There's nothing else to compare. The sight of you leaves me weak. There are no words left to speak. But if you feel like I feel. Please let me know that it's real. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off you. I love you, baby, and if it's quite alright. I need you, baby, to warm a lonely night. I love you, baby,  trust in me when I say. Oh, pretty baby, don't bring me down, I pray. Oh, pretty baby, now that I found you, stay. And let me love you, baby, let me love you. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off you. You'd be like heaven to touch. I wanna hold you so much. At long last love has arrived. And I thank God I'm alive. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off you. I love you, baby, and if it's quite alright. I need you, baby, to warm a lonely night. I love you, baby, trust in me when I say. Oh, pretty baby, don't bring me down, I pray. Oh, pretty baby, now that I found you, stayProcol Harum. Miscellaneous. Homburg. "Homburg" by Procol Harum. . lyrics by Keith Reid. . Your multilingual business friend. Has packed her bags and fled. Leaving only ash-filled ashtrays. And the lipstick, unmade bed. The mirror, on reflection. Has climbed back upon the wall. For the floor she found descended. And the ceiling was too tall. . Your trouser cuffs are dirty. And your shoes are laced up wrong. You'd better take off your Homburg. 'Cause your overcoat is too long. . Town clock in the market square. Stands waiting for the hour. When its hands they both turn backward. And on meeting will devour. Both themselves and also any fool. Who dares to tell the time. And the sun and moon will shadow. And the signpost cease to sign. . Your trouser cuffs are dirty. And your shoes are laced up wrong. You'd better take off your Homburg. 'Cause your overcoat is too longWell, my pad is very messy. And there's whiskers on my chin. And I'm all hung up on music. And I always play to win. I ain't got no time for lovin'. 'Cause my time is all used up. Just to sit around creatin'. All that groovy kind of stuff. But I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you so. But I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you so. Well, if I had my choice of matter. I would rather be with cats. All engrossed in mental chatter. Movin' where our minds are at. And relatin' to each other. Just how strong our wills can be. I'm resisting all involvement. With each groovy chick we see. Well, I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you so. But I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you so. I got to keep my image. While suspended from a throne. That looks out upon a kingdom. Full of people all unknown. Who imagine I'm not human. And my heart is made of stone. I never had no problems. And my toilet's trimmed with chrome. I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you so. I'm a man, yes I am. And I can't help. But love you soShe comes in colors ev'rywhere. She combs her hair. She's like a rainbow. Coming, colors in the air. Oh, everywhere. She comes in colors. She comes in colors ev'rywhere. She combs her hair. She's like a rainbow. Coming, colors in the air. Oh, everywhere. She comes in colors. Have you seen her dressed in blue?. See the sky in front of you. And her face is lik a sail. Speck of white so fair and pale. Have you seen a lady fairer?. She comes in colors ev'rywhere. She combs her hair. She's like a rainbow. Coming, colors in the air. Oh, everywhere. She comes in colors. Have you seen her all in gold?. Like a queen in days of old. She shoots her colors all around. Like a sunset going down. Have you seen a lady fairer?. She comes in colors ev'rywhere. She combs her hair. She's like a rainbow. Coming, colors in the air. Oh, everywhere. She comes in colors. She's like a rainbow. Coming, colors in the air. Oh, everywhere. She comes in colorsWhen I think of all the worries. That people seem to find. And how they're in a hurry. To complicate their minds. By chasing after money. And dreams that can't come true. I'm glad that we are different. We've better things to do. May others plan their future. I'm busy loving you. One, two, three, four. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. (Hey, hey, hey). Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. And don't worry 'bout tomorrow, hey. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. Live for today. We were never meant to worry. The way that people do. And I don't need to hurry. As long as I'm with you. We'll take it nice and easy. And use my simple plan. You'll be my lovin' woman. I'll be your lovin' man. We'll take the most from living. Have pleasure while we can. Two, three, four. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. (Hey, hey, hey). Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. And don't worry 'bout tomorrow, hey. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. Live for today. Baby, I need to feel you inside of me. I got to feel you deep inside of me. Baby, please come close to me. I got to have you now, please. Please, please. Gimme some-a loving. Gimme some-a loving. To gimme some-a loving. To gimme some-a loving. Baby, gimme some-a loving. Gimme some-a loving. Got to have all your loving. Gimme some-a loving. I need all your loving. Give me some love now. I need all your loving. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. (Hey, hey, hey). Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. And don't worry 'bout tomorrow, hey. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for today. Sha-la-la-la-la-la, live for todayNow when you're feelin' low and the fish won't bite. You need a little bit o' soul to put you right. You gotta make like you wanna kneel and pray. And then a little bit o' soul will come your way. Now when your girl is gone and you're broke in two. You need a little bit o' soul to see you through. And when you raise the roof with your rock 'n' roll. You'll get a lot more kicks with a little bit o' soul. And when your party falls 'cause ain't nobody groovin'. A little bit o' soul and it really starts movin', yeah. And when you're in a mess and you feel like cryin'. Just remember this little song of mine. And as you go through life tryin' to reach your goal. Just remember what I said about a little bit o'soul. A little bit o' soul, yeah. (A little bit o' soul)I read the news today oh boy. About a lucky man who made the grade. And though the news was rather sad. Well I just had to laugh. I saw the photograph. He blew his mind out in a car. He didn't notice that the lights had changed. A crowd of people stood and stared. They'd seen his face before. Nobody was really sure. If he was from the House of Lords. I saw a film today oh boy. The English Army had just won the war. A crowd of people turned away. But I just had to look. Having read the book. I'd love to turn you on. Woke up, fell out of bed. Dragged a comb across my head. Found my way downstairs and drank a cup. And looking up I noticed I was late. Found my coat and grabbed my hat. Made the bus in seconds flat. Found my way upstairs and had a smoke. And somebody spoke and I went into a dream. I read the news today oh boy. Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire. And though the holes were rather small. They had to count them all. Now they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall. I'd love to turn you onHey Joe, where you goin' with that gun in your hand?. Hey Joe, I said where you goin' with that gun in your hand?. Alright.. I'm goin down to shoot my old lady. You know I caught her messin' 'round with another man.. I'm goin' down to shoot my old lady. You know I caught her messin' 'round with another man.. And that ain't too cool.. (Ah-backing vocal on each line). Uh, hey Joe, I heard you shot your woman down. You shot her down now.. Uh, hey Joe, I heard you shot you old lady down. You shot her down to the ground. Yeah!. Yes, I did, I shot her. You know I caught her messin' 'round. Messin' 'round town.. Uh, yes I did, I shot her. You know I caught my old lady messin' 'round town.. And I gave her the gun and I shot her!. Alright. (Ah! Hey Joe). Shoot her one more time again, baby!. (Oo). Yeah.. (Hey Joe!). Ah, dig it!. (Hey). Ah! Ah!. (Joe where you gonna go?). Oh, alright.. Hey Joe, said now. (Hey). uh, where you gonna run to now, where you gonna run to?. Yeah.. (where you gonna go?). Hey Joe, I said. (Hey). where you goin' to run. to now, where you, where you gonna go?. (Joe!). Well, dig it!. I'm goin' way down south, way down south. (Hey). way down south to Mexico way! Alright!. (Joe). I'm goin' way down south. (Hey, Joe). way down where I can be free!. (where you gonna...). Ain't no one gonna find me babe!. (...go?). Ain't no hangman gonna. (Hey, Joe). he ain't gonna put a rope around me!. (Joe where you gonna.). You better belive it right now!. (...go?). I gotta go now!. Hey, hey, hey Joe. (Hey Joe). you better run on down!. (where you gonna...). Goodbye everybody. Ow!. (...go?). Hey, hey Joe, what'd I say. (Hey... Joe). run on down.. (where you gonna go?John and Mitchy were gettin' kind of itchy. Just to leave the folk music behind. Zal and Denny workin' for a penny. Tryin' to get a fish on the line. In a coffee house Sebastian sat. And after every number they'd pass the hat. McGuinn and McGuire just a-gettin' higher. In L.A., you know where that's at. And no one's gettin' fat except Mama Cass. Zally said "Denny, you know there aren't many". "Who can sing a song the way that you do, let's go south". Denny said "Zally, golly, don't you think that I wish". "I could play guitar like you". Zal, Denny and Sebastian sat (at the Night Owl). And after every number they'd pass the hat. McGuinn and McGuire still a-gettin higher. In L.A., you know where that's at. And no one's gettin' fat except Mama Cass. When Cass was a sophomore, planned to go to Swarthmore. But she changed her mind one day. Standin' on the turnpike, thumb out to hitchhike. "Take me to New York right away". When Denny met Cass he gave her love bumps. Called John and Zal and that was the Mugwumps. McGuinn and McGuire couldn't get no higher. But that's what they were aimin' at. And no one's gettin' fat except Mama Cass. Mugwumps, high jumps, low slumps, big bumps. Don't you work as hard as you play. Make up, break up, everything is shake up. Guess it had to be that way. Sebastian and Zal formed the Spoonful. Michelle, John, and Denny gettin' very tuneful. McGuinn and McGuire just a-catchin' fire. In L.A., you know where that's at. And everybody's gettin' fat except Mama Cass. Di-di-di-dit dit dit di-di-di-dit, who-o-oa. ------ flute ------. Broke, busted, disgusted, agents can't be trusted. And Mitchy wants to go to the sea. Cass can't make it, she says we'll have to fake it. We knew she'd come eventually. Greasin' on American Express cards. It's low rent, but keeping out the heat's hard. Duffy's good vibrations and our imaginations. Can't go on indefinitely. And California dreamin' is becomin' a realityRiding along on a carousel, trying to catch up to you. Riding along on a carousel, will I catch up to you?. Horses chasing 'cause they're racing. So near yet so far. On a carousel, on a carousel. Nearer and nearer by changing horses, still so far away. People fighting for their places just get in my way. Soon you'll leave and then I'll lose you. Still we're going round. On a carousel, on a carousel. Round and round and round and round. Round and round and round and round with you. Up, down, up, down, up, down, too. As she leaves, she drops the presents that she won before. Pulling ducks out of the water, got the highest score. Now's my chance and I must take it. A case of do or die. On a carousel, on a carousel. Round and round and round and round. Round and round and round and round with you. Up, down, up, down, up, down, too. Riding along on a carousel, trying to catch up to you. Riding along on a carousel, will I catch up to you?. Now we take our ride together. No more chasing her. On a carousel, on a carousel. On a carousel, on a carouselThe Animals. Miscellaneous. San Franciscan Nights. . Strobe light beam, creates dreams. Walls move, minds do too. On a warm San Franciscan night. Old child , young child. Feel all right. On a warm San Franciscan night . Angels sing, leather wings. Jeans of blue, Harley Davidson's too. On a warm San Franciscan night. Old angel, young angel. Feel all right. On a warm San Franciscan night. I wasn't born there . Perhaps I'll die there. There's no place left to go. San Francisco. Cops face is filled with hate. Heavens above. He's on a street called "Love". When will they ever learn?. Old cop, young cop. Feel all right. On a warm San Franciscan night. The children are cool. They don't raise fools. It's an American dream. Includes Indians tooPrince or pauper, beggar man or thing. Play the game with ev'ry flow'r you bring. Dandelion don't tell no lies. Dandelion will make you wise. Tell me if she laughs or cries. Blow away dandelion. One o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, four o'clock chimes. Dandelions don't care about the time. Dandelion don't tell no lies. Dandelion will make you wise. Tell me if she laughs or cries. Blow away dandelion, blow away dandelion. Tho' you're older now its just the same. You can play this dandelion game. When you're finished with your childlike prayers. Well, you know you should wear it. Tinker, tailor, soldier, sailors lives. Rich man, poor man, beautiful, daughters wives. Dandelion don't tell no lies. Dandelion will make you wise. Tell me if she laughs or cries. Blow away dandelion, blow away dandelion. Little girls, and boys come out to play. Bring your dandelions to blow away. Dandelion don't tell no lies. Dandelion will make you wise. Tell me if she laughs or cries. Blow away dandelion, blow away dandelionThings went wrong today. Bad news came my way. I woke up to find. A wire had blew my mind. Western Union man. Bad news in his hand. Knocking at my door. Selling me the score. Fifteen cents a word to read. A telegram I didn't need. Says she doesn't care no more. Think I'll throw it on the floor. Got your cable just to day. Killed my groove, I've got to say - ay. Western Union. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. Now you've gone away, and. How it's sad to say you've gone. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. I remember what they said. Now I'm going out of my head. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. Telegram just had to say. You've learned your lesson all the way - ay. [BREAK]. Telegram just had to say. You've learned your lesson all the way - ay. Western Union. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. I'll be on my way, 'cause. There's another girl for me. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. I'll be sure of her, and. Things will be as they were. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. duh-dit-duh-dit-duh, duh-dit-duh-dit-duh. Oh, Western Union (duh-dit-duh-dit-duh). Oh, Western Union (duh-dit-duh-dit-duh). Oh, Western Union (duh-dit-duh-dit-duh). Oh, Western Union (duh-dit-duh-dit-duh). Oh, Western Union (duh-dit-duh-dit-duh). [FADE...]"Death Of A Clown". My makeup is dry and it clags on my chin. I'm drowning my sorrows in whisky and gin. The lion tamer's whip doesn't crack anymore. The lions they won't fight and the tigers won't roar. La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. So let's all drink to the death of a clown. Won't someone help me to break up this crown. Let's all drink to the death of a clown. Let's all drink to the death of a clown. The old fortune teller lies dead on the floor. Nobody needs fortunes told anymore. The trainer of insects is crouched on his knees. And frantically looking for runaway fleas. La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. Let's all drink to the death of a clown. So won't someone help me to break up this crown. Let's all drink to the death of a clown. La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la. Let's all drink to the death of a clown. La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-laRoll up, roll up for the Magical Mystery Tour!. Step right this way!. . Roll up. Roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up. Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . Roll up. (That's an invitation). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up. (To make a reservation). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . The Magical Mystery Tour. Is waiting to take you away. Waiting to take you away. . Roll up. Roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up. Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . Roll up. (We got everything you need). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up. (Satisfaction guaranteed). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . The Magical Mystery Tour. Is hoping to take you away. Hoping to take you away. . Mystery trip. . The Magical Mystery Tour. Roll up. Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . Roll up. (That's an invitation). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. Roll up. (To make a reservation). Roll up for the Mystery Tour. . The Magical Mystery Tour. Is coming to take you away. Coming to take you away. . The Magical Mystery Tour. Is dying to take you away. Dying to take you away. Take you todayThe rooms were so much colder then. My father was a soldier then. And times were very hard. When I was young. When I was young. Smoked my first cigarette at ten. And for girls, I had a bad aim. Oh, I meant so very much. When I was young. When I was young. When I was young, it was more important. Pain more painful, the laughter much louder, yeah. When I was young. When I was young. Don't you know, I met my first love at thirteen?. She was brown, and I was pretty green. I learned so very much. When I was young. When I was young. Love, my love, my love. Love, my love. Love, my love. Yeah, yeah. When I was young, it was more important. Pain more painful, laughter much louder, yeah. When I was young. When I was a baby. My faith was so much stronger then. I believed in my fellow men. I was really so much older then. When I was young. When I was young. When I was a baby, baby, baby, love. When I [Incomprehensible], yeah. Just got to [Incomprehensible] with no shoes. [Incomprehensible], oh love. When I was young. When I was young. When I was young. When I was a baby, baby, baby, oh love. When I was young. When I was young. When I was young, yeahI am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together. See how they run like pigs from a gun, see how they fly. I'm crying. Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come. Corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody Tuesday. Man, you been a naughty boy, you let your face grow long. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen. I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob.. Mister City Policeman sitting pretty little policemen in a row. See how they fly like Lucy in the Sky, see how they run. I'm crying, I'm crying. I'm crying, I'm crying. Yellow matter custard, dripping from a dead dog's eye. Crabalocker fishwife, pornographic priestess. Boy, you been a naughty girl you let your knickers down. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen. I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob. Sitting in an English garden waiting for the sun. If the sun don't come, you get a tan from standing in the English rain. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen. I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob g'goo goo g'joob. Expert textpert choking smokers don't you thing the joker laughs at you?. See how they smile like pigs in a sty, see how they snied. I'm crying. Semolina pilchard, climbing up the Eiffel Tower. Elementary penguin singing Hari Krishna. Man, you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe. I am the eggman, they are the eggmen. I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob g'goo goo g'joob. Goo goo g'joob g'goo goo g'joob g'goo...Woke up one morning half asleep. With all my blankets in a heap. And yellow roses scattered all around. The time was still approaching four. I couldn't stand it anymore. Saw marigolds upon my eiderdown. I'm just sitting watching flowers in the rain. Feel the power of the rain making the garden grow. I'm just sitting watching flowers in the rain. Feel the power of the rain keeping me good. So I lay upon my side. With all the windows open wide. Couldn't pressurize my head from speaking. Hoping not to make a sound. I pushed my bed into the grounds. In time to catch the sight that I was seeking. (repeat). If this perfect pleasure has to be. Then this is paradise to me. If my pillow's getting wet. I don't see that it matters much to me. I heard the flowers in the breeze. Make conversation with the trees. Relieved to leave reality behind me. With my commitments in a mess. My sleep has gone away depressed. In a world of fantasy you'll find me. (repeat). Watching flowers in the rain. Flowers in the rain. Power flowers in the rain. Flower power in the rain. (fade out)Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart. Then you can start to make it better. Hey Jude, don't be afraid. You were made to go out and get her. The minute you let her under your skin. Then you begin to make it better. And any time you feel the pain. Hey Jude, refrain. Don't carry the world upon your shoulder. For well you know that it's a fool. Who plays it cool. By making his world a little colder. Na na na naa-naa. na-na-naa naaa. Hey Jude, don't let me down. You have found her, now go and get her. (Let it out and let it in). Remember (hey Jude) to let her into your heart. Then you can start to make it better. So let it out and let it in. Hey Jude, begin. You're waiting for someone to perform with. And don't you know that it's just you. Hey Jude, you'll do. The movement you need is on your shoulder. Na na na naa-naa. na-na-naa naaa. Yeah. Hey, Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song. And make it better. Remember to let her under your skin (got the wrong chord!). Then you begin (fucking hell). To make it better. Better, better, better, better, (I'm begging you) better. Whoa!. Yeah. Na na na na-na-na-naa (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah). Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Jude, Judy, Judy, Judy, Judy, Judy. Ow! wow!. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Ow, ooh, my, my, my. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Jude, Jude, Jude, Jude, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Yeah, you know you can make it, Jude. Jude, you're not gonna break it. Na na na (don't make it bad, Jude) na-na-na-naa. Take a sad song and make it better. Na-na-na-naa, (oh, Jude) hey, (Jude) Jude. Hey, Jude, wo-o-ow!. Na na na na-na-na-naa (ooh, Jude). Na-na-na-naa, (yeah) hey, Jude. (Hey, hey, hey-ey-ey). Na na na na-na-na-naa (hey, hey). Na-na-na-naa, (hey, hey) hey, Jude. Now, Jude, Jude, Jude, Jude, Jude, Jude. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Na na na na-na-na-naa (whoa, yeah). Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Ah nanananananana cause I wanna na na na. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Nanananana… nanalalal ow ow. (Okay). Na na na na-na-na-naa. Pain won't come back, Jude. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. (Yeah). Na na na na-na-na-naa. (Make it through). Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Na na na na-na-na-naa (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah). Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. (Good evening, ladies and gentleman). ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. (Ooh). Na na na na-na-na-naa (whoo). Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. (Whoo). (Well, then, a-na). Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naa, hey, Jude. Na na na na-na-na-naa. Na-na-na-naaNAOne, two!. I was born in a crossfire hurricane. And I howled at my ma in the drivin' rain. But it's all right now, in fact it's a gas. But it's all right, I'm jumpin' jack flash. It's a gas, gas, gas. I was raised by a toothless, bearded hag. I was schooled with a strap right across my back. But it's all right now, in fact it's a gas. But it's all right, I'm jumpin' jack flash. It's a gas, gas, gas. Ooh. I was drowned, I was washed up and left for dead. I fell down to my feet and I saw they bled, yeah yeah. I frowned at the crumbs of a crust of bread, yeah yeah yeah. I was crowned with a spike right through my head. But it's all right now, in fact it's a gas. But it's all right, I'm jumpin' jack flash. It's a gas, gas, gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gas. Jumpin' jack flash, it's a gasLady Madonna, children at your feet. Wonder how you manage to make ends meet. Who finds the money? When you pay the rent?. Did you think that money was Heaven sent?. Friday night arrives without a suitcase. Sunday morning creep in like a nun. Monday's child has learned to tie his bootlace. See how they run. Lady Madonna, baby at your breast. Wonder how you manage to feed the rest. See how they run. Lady Madonna, lying on the bed. Listen to the music playing in your head. Tuesday afternoon is never ending. Wednesday morning papers didn't come. Thursday night you stockings needed mending. See how they run. Lady Madonna, children at your feet. Wonder how you manage to make ends meetNights in white satin never reaching the end. Letters I've written never meaning to send. Beauty I'd always missed with these eyes before. Just what the truth is I can't say any more. 'Cause, I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. Gazing at people, some hand in hand. Just what I'm going through, they can't understand. Some try to tell me thoughts they cannot defend. Just what you want to be, you'll be in the end. And I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. I love you. Nights in white satin, never reaching the end. Letters I've written, never meaning to send. Beauty I'd always missed with these eyes before. Just what the truth is, I can't say any more. 'Cause, I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. 'Cause, I love you. Yes, I love you. Oh, how I love you, oh. I love you, ohGet your motor runnin'. Head out on the highway. Looking for adventure. In whatever comes our way. Yeah, darlin'. Gonna make it happen. Take the world in a love embrace. Fire all of your guns at once. And explode into space. I like smoke and lightnin'. Heavy metal thunder. Racing with the wind. And the feeling that I'm under. Yeah, darlin'. Gonna make it happen. Take the world in a love embrace. Fire all of your guns at once. And explode into space. Like a true nature's child. We were born. Born to be wild. We can climb so high. I never wanna die. Born to be wild. Born to be wild. Get your motor runnin'. Head out on the highway. Looking for adventure. In whatever comes our way. Yeah, darlin'. Gonna make it happen. Take the world in a love embrace. Fire all of your guns at once. And explode into space. Like a true nature's child. We were born. Born to be wild. We can climb so high. I never wanna die. Born to be wild. Born to be wildCome all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Everybody's building ships and boats. Some are building monuments, others are jotting down notes. Everybody's in despair, every girl and boy. But when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody's gonna jump for joy. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. I like to go just like the rest, I like my sugar sweet. But jumping queues and makin' haste, just ain't my cup of meat. Everyone's beneath the trees, feedin' pigeons on a limb. But when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, all the pigeons gonna run to him. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Let me do what I wanna do, I can't decide 'em all. Just tell me where to put 'em and I'll tell you who to call. Nobody can get no sleep, there's someone on everyone's toes. But when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody's gonna wanna doze. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn. Come all without, come all within. You'll not see nothing like the mighty QuinnYou say you want a revolution, well, you know. We all want to change the world. You tell me that it's evolution, well, you know. We all want to change the world. But when you talk about destruction. Don't you know that you can count me out. Don't you know it's gonna be. Alright, alright, alright. You say you got a real solution, well, you know. We'd all love to see the plan. You ask me for a contribution, well, you know. We're all doing what we can. But if you want money for people with minds that hate. All I can tell you is brother you have to wait. Don't you know it's gonna be. Alright, alright, alright. You say you'll change the constitution, well, you know. We all want to change your head. You tell me, it's the institution, well, you know. You better free your mind instead. But if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao. You ain't going to make it with anyone anyhow. Don't you know, know it's gonna be. Alright, alright, alright. Alright, alright, alrightIn the white room with black curtains near the station. Black roof country, no gold pavements, tired starlings. Silver horses ran down moonbeams in your dark eyes. Dawn light smiles on you leaving, my contentment. I'll wait in this place where the sun never shines. Wait in this place where the shadows run from themselves. You said no strings could secure you at the station. Platform ticket, restless diesels, goodbye windows. I walked into such a sad time at the station. As I walked out, felt my own need just beginning. I'll wait in the queue when the trains come back. Lie with you where the shadows run from themselves. At the party she was kindness in the hard crowd. Consolation for the old wound now forgotten. Yellow tigers crouched in jungles in her dark eyes. She's just dressing, goodbye windows, tired starlings. I'll sleep in this place with the lonely crowd. Lie in the dark where the shadows run from themselvesIt's gettin' near dawn,. When lights close their tired eyes.. I'll soon be with you my love,. To give you my dawn surprise.. I'll be with you darling soon,. I'll be with you when the stars start falling.. I've been waiting so long. To be where I'm going. In the sunshine of your love.. I'm with you my love,. The light's shinin' through on you.. Yes, I'm with you my love,. It's the morning and just we two.. I'll stay with you darling now,. I'll stay with you till my seeds are all dried up.. I've been waiting so long. To be where I'm going. In the sunshine of your love.. I'm with you my love,. The light's shinin' through on you.. Yes, I'm with you my love,. It's the morning and just we two.. I'll stay with you darling now,. I'll stay with you till my seeds are all dried up.. I've been waiting so long. I've been waiting so long. I've been waiting so long. To be where I'm going. In the sunshine of your love.The preacher talked to me and he smiled. Said, "Come and walk with me, come and walk one more mile.. Now for once in your life you're alone. but you ain't got a dime, there's no time for the phone.". I've just got to get a message to you, hold on, hold on.. One more hour and my life will be through, hold on, hold on.. I told him I'm in no hurry. but if I broke her heart, won't you tell her I'm sorry.. And for once in my life I'm alone. and I've got to let her know just in time before I go.. I've just go to get a message to you, hold on, hold on.. One more hour and my life will be through, hold on, hold on.. Well I laughed but that didn't hurt. and it's only her love that keeps me wearing this dirt.. Now I'm crying but deep down inside. well I did it to him, now it's my turn to die.. I've just got to get a message to you, hold on, hold on.. One more hour and my life will be through, hold on, hold on.What would you do if I sang out of tune,. Would you stand up and walk out on me?. Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song. And I'll try not to sing out of key.. Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends. Mm, I get high with a little help from my friends. Mm, gonna try with a little help from my friends. What do I do when my love is away. (Does it worry you to be alone?). How do I feel by the end of the day,. (Are you sad because you're on your own?). No, I get by with a little help from my friends. Mm, I get high with a little help from my friends. Mm, gonna try with a little help from my friends. Do you need anybody. I need somebody to love. Could it be anybody. I want somebody to love. Would you believe in a love at first sight. Yes, I'm certain that it happens all the time. What do you see when you turn out the light. I can't tell you but I know it's mine,. Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends. Mm, I get high with a little help from my friends. Mm, gonna try with a little help from my friends. Do you need anybody. I just need someone to love. Could it be anybody. I want somebody to love.. Oh, I get by with a little help from my friends. With a little help from my friendsI like to dream. Yes, yes, right between my sound machine. On a cloud of sound I drift in the night. Any place it goes is right. Goes far, flies near to the stars away from here. Well, you don't know what we can find. Why don't you come with me little girl. On a magic carpet ride. You don't know what we can see. Why don't you tell your dreams to me?. Fantasy will set you free. Close your eyes girl look inside girl. Let the sound take you away. Last night I held Aladdin's lamp. And so I wished that I could stay. Before the thing could answer me. Well, someone came and took the lamp away. I looked around a lousy candle's all I found. Well, you don't know what we can find. Why don't you come with me little girl?. On a magic carpet ride. Well, you don't know what we can see. Why don't you tell your dreams to me?. Fantasy will set you free. Close your eyes girl look inside girl. Let the sound take you away. Close. Uhh, you don't know what we can find. Why don't you come with me little girl?. On a magic carpet ride. Well, you don't know what we can see. Why don't you tell your dreams to me?. Fantasy will set you freeWhen I think about the good love. You gave me I cry like a baby. Livin' without you is drivin' me crazy. I cry like a baby. Well I know now that. You're not a plaything. Not a toy or a puppet on a string. As I look back on a love so sweet. I cry like a baby. Every road is a lonely street. I cry like a baby. Well I know now that. You're not a plaything. Not a toy or a puppet on a string. Today we passed on the street. And you just walked on by. My heart just fell to my feet. And once again I began to cry. When I think about the good love. You gave me I cry like a baby. Livin' without you is drivin' me crazy. I cry like a baby. Well I know now that. You're not a plaything. I cry like a baby. As I look back on a love so sweet. I cry like a baby. Every road is a lonely street. I cry like a baby. My heart just fell to my feet. You know I cry like a baby. You left the water running, now. I cry like a baby"There must be some kind of way out of here". Said a joker to the thief. There's too much confusion. I can't get no relief. Businessmen they, they drink my wine. Ploughmen dig my earth. None of them along the line. Know what any of it is worth. "No reason to get excited". The thief he kindly spoke. There are many here among us. Who feel that life is but a joke, but. But you and I have been through that. And this is not our fate. So let us not talk falsely now. The hour's getting late, hey. All along the watchtower. Princess kept the view. While all the women came and went. Barefoot servants too, look. Outside in the cold distance. A wildcat did growl. Two riders were approaching. And the wind began to howlNAThere's a boy. A little boy. Shooting arrows in the blue. And he's aiming them at someone. But the question is at who. Is it me. Or is it you. It's hard to tell until you're hit. But you'll know it when they hit you. 'Cause they hurt a little bit. Here they come pouring out of the blue. Little arrows for me and for you. You're falling in love again. Falling in love again. Little arrows in your clothing. Little arrows in your hair. When you're in love you'll find those little arrows everywhere. Little arrows that will hit you once. And hit you once again. Little arrows that hit everybody. Every now and then. Woah-oh-oh the pain. Some folks a-run. And others hide. But there ain't nothing they can do. And some folks put on armor. But the arrows go straight through. So you see. There's no escape. So why not face it and admit. That you love those little arrows. When they hurt a little bit. Here they come pouring out of the blue. Little arrows for me and for you. You're falling in love again. Falling in love again. Little arrows in your clothing. Little arrows in your hair. When you're in love you'll find those little arrows everywhere. Little arrows that will hit you once. And hit you once again. Little arrows that hit everybody. Every now and then. Here they come pouring out of the blue. Little arrows for me and for you. You're falling in love again. Falling in love again. Little arrows in your clothing. Little arrows in your hair. When you're in love you'll find those little arrows everywhere. Little arrows that will hit you once. And hit you once again. Little arrows that hit everybody. Every now and then. Little arrows in your clothing. Little arrows in your hair. When you're in love you'll find those little arrows everywhere. Little arrows that will hit you once. And hit you once again. Little arrows that hit everybody. Every now and then. Little arrows in your clothing. Little arrows in your hairYou know that it would be untrue. You know that I would be a liar. If I was to say to you. Girl, we couldn't get much higher. . Come on baby, light my fire. Come on baby, light my fire. Try to set the night on fire. . The time for hesitation's through. There's no time to wallow in the mire. Darling we could only lose. And our love become a funeral pyre. . Come on baby, light my fire. Come on baby, light my fire. Try to set the night on fire. . Well, you know that it would be untrue. And you know that I would be a liar. If I was to and tell you. Mama we couldn't get much higher, yeah. . Come on baby, light my fire. Come on baby, light my fire, yeah. Try to set the night on fire, yeah hey. . Come on baby, light, light my fire, yeah. Come on baby, light my fire don't you know it's alright. Light my fire, light my fire, light my fire, oh. Light my fire, light my fire, light my fire, yeah girl. . Girl you better light my fire, yeah. You better light, you better light, you better light my fire. And we're gonna get much higher. Oh, come on girl, you know I love you girl. You know I need you babe, come on baby, light, light, light. . Light my fire, light my fire, light my fire. Light my fire, light my fire, light my fire. Light, light, light, light, light, light, my, my fire. Light, light, light, light, light my fire girl. Well, light my fire girlThe Equals. Miscellaneous. Baby, Come Back. Baby, Come Back. The Equals. Notes : Also performed by Eddy Grant (1983). Come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. This is the first time [unintelligible] today. That you have run away. I'm asking you for the first time. Love me [unintelligible] stay (all right). Hey (all right). Hey (all right!). Hey, yeah. Come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. There ain't no use in you crying. 'Cause I'm more hurt than you. I shoulda not been out flirting. But now my love is true. Ooh (all right). Ooh (OK!). Ooh, yeah. Come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. Come back, baby, don't you leave me. Baby, baby, please don't go. Oh, won't you give me a second chance. Baby, I love you so (all right). Oh (oh, yeah). Oh [unintelligible]. Oh, yeah. Come back. I said baby, come back. I said baby, come back. Oh won't you please come back. Oh won't you please come back [continue to fade]I think about my baby. A perfect little lady. I think about her shiny golden hair. I've never been a dreamer. But every time I see her. I start to float away into the air. Oh, oh, oh. My little lady. You can make the sun and moon begin to shine. And if you could have your way every day would be fine. It's no wonder for as long as I may live. I will give you all the love I am able to give. I wake up in the morning. Without a single warning. Before I finish yawning she is there. I think about my baby. A perfect little lady. I think about her shiny golden hair. Oh, oh, oh. My little lady. You can make the sun and moon begin to shine. And if you could have your way every day would be fine. It's no wonder for as long as I may live. I will give you all the love I am able to give. You can make the sun and moon begin to shine. And if you could have your way every day would be fine. It's no wonder for as long as I may live. I will give you all the love I am able to giveWhen I look up to the sky. I see your eyes a funny kind of yellow. I rush home to bed I soak my head. I see your face underneath my pillow. I wake next morning, tired, still yawning. See your face come peeping through my window. Pictures of matchstick men and you. Mirages of matchstick men and you. All I ever see is them and you. Windows echo your reflection. When I look in their direction now. When will this haunting stop?. Your face it just won't leave me alone. Pictures of matchstick men and you. Mirages of matchstick men and you. All I ever see is them and you. You're in the sky and with the sky. You make men cry, you lie. You're in the sky and with the sky. You make men cry, you lie. Pictures of matchstick men and. Pictures of matchstick men and you. Pictures of matchstick men and. Pictures of matchstick men andI feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes.. Well love is all around me, and so the feeling grows.. It's written on the wind, it's everywhere I go.. So if you really love me, come on and let it show.. You know I love you, I always will.. My mind's made up by the way that I feel.. There's no beginning, there'll be no end.. 'Cause on my love you can depend.. I see your face before me as I lay on my bed.. I kinda get to thinking, of all the things you said.. You gave your promise to me, and I gave mine to you.. I need someone beside me in everything I do.. You know I love you, I always will.. My mind's made up by the way that I feel.. There's no beginning, there'll be no end.. 'Cause on my love you can depend.. It's written on the wind, it's everywhere I go.. So if you really love me, come on and let it show.. Come on and let it show.. Come on and let it show.. Come on and let it show.. Come on and let it show.. Come on and let it show.InstrumentalWell Lord, I've got to raise a fuss. Lord, I've got to raise a holler. About a workin' all summer. Just to try to earn a dollar. Well Lord, I try to call my baby. I try to get a date. Sometimes I wonder. What I'm a gonna do. Lord, there ain't no cure. For the summertime blues. Oh well, my Mama Papa told me. "Son you gotta make some money". Well if you want to use a car. To go ridin' next Sunday. But Lord, I didn't go to work. I told the boss I was sick, he said. "Sometimes I wonder. What I'm a gonna do". "Lord, there ain't no cure. For the summertime blues". I've got to take three weeks. I got to have a fine vacation. I've got to take my problem. To the United Nations. I've gone and told my Congressman. And he said,"Whoa! Take this boy". Sometimes I wonder. What I'm a gonna do. Lord, there ain't no cure. For the summertime blues. I've got to take three weeks. I got to have a fine vacation. I've got to take my problem. To the United Nations. I've gone and told my Congressman. And he said,"Whoa! Take this boy". Sometimes I wonder. What I'm a gonna do. Lord, there ain't no cure. For the summertime blues. Whoa! There ain't no cureI got a certain little girl she's on my mind. No doubt about it she looks so fine. The best girl that I ever had. She's gonna make me feel so bad. Yeah, make me feel so bad. She got lovin' like quicksand. Only took one touch of my hand. Blow my mind and I'm in so deep. I can't eat and I can't sleep. Oh I can't sleep. Na na na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na na na na na, yeah. Hush, hush. I thought I heard her callin' my name now. Hush. She took my heart but I love her just the same now. Hush. Thought I heard her callin' my name now. Hush, hush. I need her lovin' but I'm not to blame now. I got her early in the morning. Late in the evening. Hush. Thought I heard her callin' my name now. Hush. She broke my heart but I love her just the same now. Hush. Thought I heard her callin' my name now. Hush, hush. I need her lovin' but I'm not to blame now. I got her early in the morning. Late in the evening. Na na na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na na na na naThe sound of your footsteps. Telling me that you're near. Your soft gentle motion, baby. Brings out the need in me that no one can hear, except. In my midnight confessions. When I tell all the world that I love you. In my midnight confessions. When I say all the things that I want to, I love you. But a little gold ring you wear. On your hand makes me understand. There's another before me, you'll never be mine. I'm wasting my time. Staggering through the daytime. Your image on my mind. Passing so close beside you baby. Sometimes the feelings are so hard to hide, except. In my midnight confessions. When I tell all the world that I love you. In my midnight confessions. When I say all the things that I want to, I love you. But a little gold ring you wear. On your hand makes me understand. There's another before me, you'll never be mine. I'm wasting my time. In my midnight confessions. When I tell all the world that I love you. Na na na na, na na na na. Na na na na, na na na naCASUALS. Miscellaneous. JESAMINE. WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO,WITH A GIRL LIKE JESAMINE,. THOUGH MY EYES ARE OPEN WIDE,SHE'S MADE . MY LIFE A DREAM. . (CHORUS). WHEN JESAMINE GOES,A PART OF ME KNOWS I'M NOT REALLY LIVING,. A BUTTERFLY CHILD,SO FREE AND SO WILD. AND SO FULL OF LIVING. . WHEN JESAMINE STAYS,THOUGH TIME GOES FAST,. THIS IS MY WORLD AT LAST. BEAUTIFUL DAY'S LOST IN HER EYES,. BUT THEN THE WHOLE WORLD DIES. . (CHORUS). WHEN JESAMINE GOES,A PART OF ME KNOWS. I'M NOT REALLY LIVING. A BUTTERFLY CHILD,SO FREE AND SO WILD. AND SO FULL OF LIVING. . WHAT CAN YOU SAY,WHEN A GIRL DOESN'T WANT TO KNOW. SHE'S TOO FAR AWAY,AND SHE MAKES MY LIFE A DREAM. . (CHORUS). WHEN JESAMINE GOES,A PART OF ME KNOWS. I'M NOT REALLY LIVING. A BUTTERFLY CHILD,SO FREE AND SO WILD. AND SO FULL OF LIVING. . WHEN JESAMINE STAYS,THOUGH TIME GOES FAST. THIS IS MY WORLD AT LAST. BEAUTIFUL DAY'S,LOST IN HER EYES. BUT THEN THE WHOLE WORLD DIES. . WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO. WITH A GIRL LIKE JESAMINE. THOUGH MY EYES ARE OPEN WIDE,SHE MADE MY LIFE A DREAM. . (CHORUS). . WHEN JESAMINE GOES A PART OF ME KNOWS . IM NOT REALLY LIVING......FADES.....The Who. Miscellaneous. Magic Bus. Every day I get in the queue (Too much, Magic Bus) . To get on the bus that takes me to you (Too much, Magic Bus) . I'm so nervous, I just sit and smile (Too much, Magic Bus) . You house is only another mile (Too much, Magic Bus) . . Thank you, driver, for getting me here (Too much, Magic Bus) . You'll be an inspector, have no fear (Too much, Magic Bus) . I don't want to cause no fuss (Too much, Magic Bus) . But can I buy your Magic Bus? (Too much, Magic Bus) . . Nooooooooo! . . I don't care how much I pay (Too much, Magic Bus) . I wanna drive my bus to my baby each day (Too much, Magic Bus) . I want it, I want it, I want it, I want it ... (You can't have it!) . Thruppence and sixpence every day . Just to drive to my baby . Thruppence and sixpence each day . 'Cause I drive my baby every way . . Magic Bus, Magic Bus, Magic Bus ... . . I said, now I've got my Magic Bus (Too much, Magic Bus) . I said, now I've got my Magic Bus (Too much, Magic Bus) . I drive my baby every way (Too much, Magic Bus) . Each time I go a different way (Too much, Magic Bus) . . I want it, i want it, I want it, I want it ... . . Every day you'll see the dust (Too much, Magic Bus) . As I drive my baby in my Magic Bus (Too much, Magic Bus)Everywhere I hear the sound of marching, charging feet, boy. 'Cause summer's here and the time is right for fighting in the street, boy. Well what can a poor boy do except to sing for a Rock 'n' Roll band. 'Cause in sleepy London town there's just no place for. A street fighting man, yeah. I say hey, and the time is right for a palace revolution. But where I live the game to play is compromise solution. Well, what can a poor boy do except to sing for a Rock 'n' Roll band. 'Cause in sleepy London town there's just no place for. A street fighting man, no. I say hey, and my name is called Disturbance. I'll shout and scream, I'll kill the king, I'll rail at all his servants. Well what can a poor boy do except to sing for a Rock 'n' Roll band. 'Cause in sleepy London town there's just no place for. A street fighting man, I know. I know, hey baby. I know, I knowThe O'kaysions. Miscellaneous. Girl Watcher. Girl Watcher. The O'Kaysions. (Buck Trail/Wayne Pittman). Chorus:. I'm a girl watcher, I'm a girl watcher.... Watchin' girls go by, hey, my my. I'm a girl watcher, I'm a girl watcher.... Here comes one now. I was just a boy when I threw away my toys. And found a new pastime to dwell on. Whenever I detects them there of the other sex. I play the game I do so well on. [repeat chorus]. Mumble something tell my my, but you do look swell. Could you please walk a little slower. Wonder if you know that you're putting on a show. Could you please walk a little closerYou take a bus marked "Lakewood Drive". And you keep on ridin' 'til you're out of the city. Where the air is fine with the sweet smell of pine. And the countryside's pretty. And you'll see daffodils, peepin' over the hill. Or a honey lovin' mama bear. Just take a left at the bridge, go down to Quakertown Ridge. And in a minute you're there. Di din din din din din di din din din din din. Di din din din din din di din din din din din. Indian Lake is a scene you should make with your little one. Keep it in mind if you're lookin' to find. A place in the summer sun. You can swim in the cove, have a snack in the grove. Or you can rent a canoe. At Indian Lake you'll be able to make the way the Indians do. Daoop bop bop daoop bop bop. Daoop bop bop daoop bop bop. Daoop bop bop daoop bop bop. Daoop bop bop daoop bop bop. Da din din di di di da din din di di di. Da din din di di di da din din di di di. Indian Lake is a scene you should make with your little one. Just keep it in mind if you're lookin' to find. A place in the summer sun. You can swim in the cove, have a snack in the grove. Or you can rent a canoe. At Indian Llake you'll be able to make the way the Indians do. Indian Lake is a scene you should make with your little one. Just keep it in mind if you're lookin' to find. A place in the summer sun. Swim in the cove, have a snack in the grove. Or you can rent a canoe. At Indian Lake you'll be able to make the way the Indians doJojo was a man who thought he was a loner. But he knew it couldn't last. Jojo left his home in Tucson, Arizona. For some California grass. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Jojo. Go home. Get Back, Get Back. Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Get Back. Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Jo. Sweet Loretta Martin thought she was a woman. But she was another man. All the girls around her say she's got it coming. But she gets it while she can. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Loretta. Go home. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Oooh.... Get Back, Loretta. Your mama's waiting for you. Wearing her high-heel shoes. And her low-neck sweater. Get Back home, Loretta. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back to where you once belonged. Get Back, Get Back. Get Back. Oh, yeah.I met a gin soaked, bar-room queen in memphis,. She tried to take me upstairs for a ride.. She had to heave me right across her shoulder. cause I just cant seem to drink you off my mind.. Its the honky tonk women. Gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues.. I laid a divorcee in new york city,. I had to put up some kind of a fight.. The lady then she covered me with roses,. She blew my nose and then she blew my mind.. Its the honky tonk women. Gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues.. (yeah!) its the honky tonk women.. Gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk blues.. (yeah!) its the honky tonk women.. Gimme, gimme, gimme the honky tonk bluesWe're caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. Why can't you see. What you're doing to me. When you don't believe a word I say?. We can't go on together. With suspicious minds. And we can't build our dreams. On suspicious minds. So, if an old friend I know. Drops by to say hello. Would I still see suspicion in your eyes?. Here we go again. Asking where I've been. You can't see these tears are real. I'm crying. We can't go on together. With suspicious minds. And we can't build our dreams. On suspicious minds. Oh let our love survive. Or dry the tears from your eyes. Let's don't let a good thing die. When honey, you know. I've never lied to you. Mmm yeah, yeah. We're caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. Why can't you see. What you're doing to me. When you don't believe a word I say?. We're caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. Don't you know I'm caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. Don't you know I'm caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. Don't you know I'm caught in a trap. I can't walk out. Because I love you too much baby. â€¦Here come old flattop, he come grooving up slowly. He got joo-joo eyeball, he one holy roller. He got hair down to his knee. Got to be a joker he just do what he please. He wear no shoeshine, he got toe-jam football. He got monkey finger, he shoot Coca-Cola. He say, "I know you, you know me.". One thing I can tell you is you got to be free. Come together right now over me. He bag production, he got walrus gumboot. He got Ono sideboard, he one spinal cracker. He got feet down below his knee. Hold you in his armchair you can feel his disease. Come together right now over me. (Right!. Come, oh, come, come, come.). He roller-coaster, he got early warning. He got muddy water, he one mojo filter. He say, "One and one, and one is three.". Got to be good-looking 'cause he's so hard to see. Come together right now over me. Oh. Come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, come together. Yeah, oh. Come together. Yeah, come togetherOh. Now I don't hardly know her. But I think I could love her. Crimson and clover. Ah. I wish she'd come walking over. Now I've been waiting to show her. Crimson and clover. Over and over. Yes . (Da-da, da-da, da-da). My, my, such a sweet thing . (Da-da, da-da, da-da). I want to do everything . (Da-da, da-da, da-da). What a beautiful feeling . (Da-da, da-da, da-da). Crimson and clover . (Da-da, da-da, da-da). Over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and overAs the snow flies. On a cold and gray Chicago mornin'. A poor little baby child is born. In the ghetto. And his mama cries. 'cause if there's one thing that she don't need. It's another hungry mouth to feed. In the ghetto. People, don't you understand. The child needs a helping hand. Or he'll grow to be an angry young man some day. Take a look at you and me. Are we too blind to see. Do we simply turn our heads. And look the other way. Well the world turns. And a hungry little boy with a runny nose. Plays in the street as the cold wind blows. In the ghetto. And his hunger burns. So he starts to roam the streets at night. And he learns how to steal. And he learns how to fight. In the ghetto. Then one night in desperation. The young man breaks away. He buys a gun, steals a car. Tries to run, but he don't get far. And his mama cries. As a crowd gathers 'round an angry young man. Face down on the street with a gun in his hand. In the ghetto. As her young man dies. On a cold and gray Chicago mornin'. Another little baby child is born. In the ghetto. And his mama criesStanding in the dock at Southampton. Trying to get to Holland or France. The man in the mac said. "You've got to go back". You know, they didn't even give us a chance. Christ, you know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify me. Finally made the plane into Paris. Honeymooning down by the Seine. Peter Brown called to say. You can make it okay. You can get married in Gibraltar near Spain. Christ, you know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify me. So from Paris to the Amsterdam Hilton. Talking in our beds for a week. The news people said. "Say, what you doing in bed?". I said, "We're only trying to get us some peace". Christ, you know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify me. Saving up your money for a rainy day. Giving all your clothes to charity. Last night the wife said. Oh boy, when you're dead. You don't take nothing with you but your soul. Think!. Made a lightning trip to Vienna. Eating chocolate cake in a bag. Newspapers said. "She's gone to his head. They look just like two gurus in drag". Christ, you know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify me. Caught the early plane back to London. Fifty acorns tied in a sack. The men from the press. Said, "We wish you success. It's good to have the both of you back". Christ, you know it ain't easy. You know how hard it can be. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify me. The way things are going. They're gonna to crucify meDizzy. I'm so dizzy my head is spinning. Like a whirlpool, it never ends. And it's you, girl, making it spin. You're making me dizzy. First time that I saw you, girl. I knew that I just had to make you mine. But it's so hard to talk to you. With fellas hanging 'round you all the time. I want you for my sweet pet. But you keep playing hard to get. I'm going around in circles all the time. Dizzy. I'm so dizzy my head is spinning. Like a whirlpool, it never ends. And it's you, girl, making it spin. You're making me dizzy. I finally got to talk to you. And I told you just exactly how I felt. Then I held you close to me. And kissed you and my heart began to melt. Girl, you've got control on me. 'Cause I'm so dizzy I can't see. I need to call a doctor for some help. Dizzy. I'm so dizzy my head is spinning. Like a whirlpool, it never ends. And it's you, girl, making it spin. You're making me dizzy, my head is spinning. Like a whirlpool it never ends. And it's you girl making it spin. You're making me dizzy. You're making me dizzy. I'm so dizzy. You're making me dizzyI see the bad moon arising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightnin'. I see bad times today. Don't go around tonight. Well, it's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise. I hear hurricanes blowing. I know the end is coming soon. I fear rivers over flowing. I hear the voice of raze and ruin. Don't go around tonight. Well, it's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise. All right. Hope you got your things together. Hope you are quite prepared to die. Looks like we're in for nasty weather. One eye is taken for an eye. Don't go around tonight. Well, it's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise. Don't go around tonight. Well, it's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the riseDesmond has a barrow in the marketplace. Molly is the singer in a band. Desmond says to Molly, "Girl, I like your face". And Molly says this as she takes him by the hand. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on. Desmond takes a trolley to the jeweler's store. Buys a twenty carat golden ring (rin-ring). Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door. And as he gives it to her she begins to sing (sing). Ob-la-di, ob-la-da (la-la-la-la la-la-). Life goes on, brah (la-la la-la-la-laaa). La-la, how the life goes on. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da (la-la-la-la la-la-). Life goes on, brah (la-la la-la-la-laaa). La-la, how the life goes on. Yeah. In a couple of years. They have built a home sweet home. With a couple of kids running in the yard. Of Desmond and Molly Jones (ha ha ha ha). Happy ever after in the market place. Desmond lets the children lend a hand (arm!) (leg!). Molly stays at home and does her pretty face. And in the evening she still sings it with the band. Yes!. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on. Hey!. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on. In a couple of years. They have built a home sweet home (home: H-O-M-E). With a couple of kids running in the yard. Of Desmond and Molly Jones (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha). Hey!. Happy ever after in the market place. Molly lets the children lend a hand (foot!). Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face. And in the evening she's a singer with the band. Yeah!. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on. Hey!. Ob-la-di, ob-la-da. Life goes on, brah. La-la, how the life goes on (ha ha ha ha). And if you want some fun (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha). Take Ob-la-di-bla-da (ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha). (ha ha ha ha). Ahh.... Thank you (ha ha)She asks him why. why i'm a hairy guy. I'm hairy noon and nighty-night night. My hair is a fright. I'm hairy high and low. But don't ask me why. cuz he don't know. It's not for lack of bread. Like the Grateful Dead. Darling. Gimme a head with hair. Long, beautiful hair. Shining, gleaming,. Streaming, flaxen, waxen. Give me down to there. Shoulder length or longer hair. Here baby, there mama. Everywhere daddy daddy. Hair, hair, hair, hair. Grow it, show it. Long as I can grow it. My hair. I let it fly in the breeze. And get caught in the trees. Give a home for the fleas in my hair. A home for fleas. A hive for the buzzin bees. A nest for birds. There ain't no words. For the beauty, the splendor, the wonder. Of my.... Hair, hair, hair, hair,. Grow it, show it. Long as I can grow it. My hair. I want it long, straight, curly, fuzzy. Snaggy, shaggy, ratsy, matsy. Oily, greasy, fleecy. Shining, gleaming, streaming. Flaxen, waxen. Knotted, polka-dotted. Twisted, beaded, braided. Powdered, flowered, and confettied. Bangled, tangled, spangled, and spaghettied!. Oh say can you see. My eyes if you can. Then my hair's too short. Down to here. Down to there. Down to there?. Down to where?. It stops by itself. Don't never have to cut it. 'Cause it stops by itself. Oh give me a head with hair. Long, beautiful hair. Shining, gleaming,. Streaming, flaxen, waxen. Won't you gimme it down to there (hair). Shoulder length or longer (Hair!). Here baby, there mama. Everywhere daddy daddy. Hair (hair hair hair). Grow it. Show it. Long as I can grow it. My hair (hair hair hair). Grow it. Show it. Long as I can grow it. My hair(hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair hair)Yeah. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Now touch me, baby. Can't you see that I am not afraid?. What was that promise that you made?. Why won't you tell me what she said?. What was that promise that you made?. Now, I'm gonna love you. Till the heavens stop the rain. I'm gonna love you. Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Now touch me, baby. Can't you see that I am not afraid?. What was that promise that you made?. Why won't you tell me what she said?. What was that promise that you made?. I'm gonna love you. Till the heavens stop the rain. I'm gonna love you. Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I. I'm gonna love you. Till the heavens stop the rain. I'm gonna love you. Till the stars fall from the sky for you and I. Stronger than dirtI started a joke, which started the whole world crying. But I didn't see that the joke was on me, oh, no. I started to cry, which started the whole world laughing. Oh, if I'd only seen that the joke was on me. I looked at the skies, running my hands over my eyes. And I fell out of bed, hurting my head from things that I'd said. 'Til I finally died, which started the whole world living. Oh, if I'd only seen that the joke was on me. I looked at the skies, running my hands over my eyes. And I fell out of bed, hurting my head from things that I'd said. 'Til I finally died, which started the whole world living. Oh, if I'd only seen, oh yeah, that the joke was one me, oh, no. That the joke was one me, ohWell, take me back down where cool water flows, y'all.. Let me remember things I love.. Stoppin' at the log where catfish bite,. Walkin' along the river road at night,. Barefoot girls dancin' in the moonlight.. I can hear the bullfrog callin' me, oh.. Wonder if my rope's still hangin' to the tree.. Love to kick my feet 'way down the shallow water,. Shoo fly, dragonfly, get back t'mother.. Pick up a flat rock; skip it across Green River.. Well!. Up at Cody's camp I spent my days, oh,. With flat-car riders and cross-tie walkers.. Old Cody, Junior took me over,. Said, "You're gonna find the world is smold'rin',. And if you get lost, come on home to Green River.". Well!Early in the evenin'. Just about supper time. Over by the courthouse. They're starting to unwind.. Four kids on the corner. Trying to bring you up.. Willy picks a tune out and he blows it on the harp.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.. Rooster hits the washboard. And people just got to smile. Blinky, thumps the gut bass. And solos for a while.. Poorboy twangs the rhythm out. On his kalamazoo.. Willy goes into a dance. And doubles on kazoo.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.. You don't need a penny. Just to hang around. But if you've got a nickel,. Won't you lay your money down?. Over on the corner. There's a happy noise.. People come from all around. To watch the magic boy.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.. Down on the corner,. Out in the street. Willy and the poorboys are playin'. Bring a nickel, tap your feet.The road is long. With many a winding turn. That leads us to who knows where. Who knows where. But I'm strong. Strong enough to carry him. He ain't heavy, he's my brother. So on we go. His welfare is of my concern. No burden is he to bear. We'll get there. For I know. He would not encumber me. He ain't heavy, he's my brother. If I'm laden at all. I'm laden with sadness. That everyone's heart. Isn't filled with the gladness. Of love for one another. It's a long, long road. From which there is no return. While we're on the way to there. Why not share. And the load. Doesn't weigh me down at all. He ain't heavy he's my brother. He's my brother. He ain't heavy, he's my brother. He ain't heavy, he's my brotherIt's the time of the season. When love runs high. In this time, give it to me easy. And let me try. With pleasured hands. To take you in the sun to. Promised lands. To show you every one. It's the time of the season for loving.... What's your name?. Who's your daddy?. Is he rich like me?. Has he taken any time. To show you what you need to live?. Tell it to me slowly. Tell you what I really want to know. It's the time of the season for loving.... What's your name?. Who's your daddy?. Is he rich like me?. Has he taken any time. To show you what you need to live?. Tell it to me slowly. Tell you what I really want to know. It's the time of the season for loving...Oh my heart won't believe that you have left me. I keep telling my self that it's true. I can get over anything you want my love. But I can't get myself over you. Don't forget to remember me. And the love that used to be I still remember youI love you. In my heart lies a memory to tell the stars above. Don't forget to remember me my love. On my wall lies a photograph of you girl. Though I try to forget you somehow. You're the mirror of my soul so take me out of my hole. Let me try to go on living right now. Don't forget to remember me. And the love that used to be. I still remember you. I love you. In my heart lies a memory to tell the stars above. Don't forget to remember me my loveGood morning starshine. The earth says, "Hello". You twinkle above us. We twinkle below. Good morning starshine. You lead us along. My love and me as we sing. Our early morning singing song. Giddy glup gloopy. Nibby nabby noopy la la la lo lo. Sabba sibby sabba. Nooby abba nabba le le lo lo. Tooby ooby walla nooby abba nabba. Early morning singing song. Good morning starshine. There´s love in your sky. Reflecting the sunlight and my lovers eyes. Good morning starshine. So happy to be. My love and me as we sing. Our early morning singing song. Gliddy glup gloopy. Nibby nabby noopy la la la lo lo. Sabba sibby sabba. Nooby abba nabba le le lo lo. Tooby ooby walla nooby abba nabba. Early morning singing song. And you hear mehee. Singing a song, loving a song. Singing a song. Loving a song, laughing a song. Sing a song. Sing a song, song the sing. Song, song, song, sing. Sing, sing, sing, song. Song, song, song, sing. Sing, sing, sing, songTwo, one two three four. Everybody's talking about. Bagism, Shagism, Dragism, Madism. Ragism, Tagism, this-ism, that-ism. Ism ism ism. All we are saying is give peace a chance. All we are saying is give peace a chance. Everybody's talkin' 'bout ministers, sinisters. Banisters and canisters, bishops and fishops. Rabbis and pop eyes, bye bye, bye byes. All we are saying, is give peace a chance. All we are saying, is give peace a chance. Let me tell you now. Everybody's talking about, revolution. Evolution, masturbation, flagellation. Regulation, integrations, meditations. United Nations, congratulations. All we are saying is give peace a chance. All we are saying is give peace a chance. Everybody's talking about, John and Yoko. Timmy Leary, Rosemary, Tommy smothers. Bobby Dylan, Tommy Cooper, Derek Taylor. Norman Mailer, Alan Ginsberg, Hare Krishna, Hare Hare Krishna. All we are saying is give peace a chance. All we are saying is give peace a chance. All we are saying is give peace a chance. ...Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Desmond has a barrow in the marketplace. Molly is the singer in a band. Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face. And Molly says this as she takes him by the hand. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Desmond takes the trolley to the jewellers store. Buys a twenty carat golden ring. Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door. And as she gives it to him she begins to sing. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. In a couple of years. They have built a home sweet home. With a couple of kids running in the yard. Of Desmond and Molly Jones. Happy ever after in the marketplace. Molly lets the children lend a hand. Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face. And in the evening he still sings it with the band. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. In a couple of years. They have built a home sweet home. With a couple of kids running in the yard. Of Desmond and Molly Jones (Desmond and Molly). Happy ever after in the marketplace. Molly lets the children lend a hand. Desmond stays at home and does his pretty face. And in the evening he's the singer with the band. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da. Life goes on, whoa. La, la how their life goes on. And if you want some jam. Sing Ob-La-Di, Bla-daSome folks are born made to wave the flag. ooo, they're red, white and blue. And when the band plays "Hail to the Chief". ooo, they point the cannon at you, Lord. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no senator's son, no. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no fortunate one, no. Some folks are born silver spoon in hand. Lord, don't they help themselves, yeah. But when the taxman comes to the door. Lord, the house look a like a rummage sale, yeah. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no millionaire's son, no, no. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no fortunate one, no. (Guitar). Yeah, some folks inherit star-spangled eyes. ooo, they send you down to war, Lord. And when you ask 'em how much should we give. ooo, they only answer; more, more, more yeah. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no military son, son, no no. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no fortunate one, one. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no fortunate one, no, no, no. It ain't me, it ain't me... I ain't no fortunate son, no, no, noThese eyes cry every night for you. These arms long to hold you again. The hurtin's on me, yeah. But I will never be free, no, my baby, no, no. You gave a promise to me, yeah. And you broke it, you broke it, oh, no. These eyes watched you bring my world to an end. This heart could not accept and pretend. The hurtin's on me, yeah. But I will never be free, no, no, no. You took the vow with me, yeah. And you spoke it, you spoke it, babe. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes cry every night for you. These arms, these arms long to hold you, hold you again, ahh. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. These eyes are cryin'. These eyes have seen a lot of loves. But they're never gonna see another one like I had with you. Baby, baby, baby, babyI can't make it if you leave me. I'm sorry Suzanne believe me. I was wrong and I knew I was all along. Forgive me, I still love you more than ever. I'm sorry Suzanne forever. Hurting you, you know I never wanted to. I'm truly sorry Suzanne. Well I could never, ever justify. All the tears I made you cry. But I do regret it, my Suzanne. You gotta believe me. I was looking round for someone new. What a foolish thing to do. All the time I knew it. Heaven knows what made me do it girl. I can't make it if you leave me. I'm sorry Suzanne believe me. I was wrong and I knew I was all along, all along. I'm truly sorry Suzanne. If you would only take me back again. Things would be so different then. What I wouldn't give for. One more chance to live for you Suzanne. I can't make it if you leave me. I'm sorry Suzanne believe me. I was wrong and I knew I was all along. Forgive me, I still love you more than ever. I'm sorry Suzanne forever. Hurting you, you know I never wanted to. I'm truly sorry SuzanneSir Douglas Quintet is back. We'd like to thank all our beautiful friends all over the country. And all the beautiful vibrations. We love you. Teeny bopper, My teenage lover. I caught your waves last night. It set my mind a wond' rin'. You're such a groove, please don't move. Please stay in my love house by the river. Fast talkin' guys with strange red eyes. Have put things in your head. It set my mind a wond' rin'. I love you so, please don't go. Please stay here with me in Mendocino. Mendocino, Mendocino. Where life's such a groove. You blow your mind in the morning. We used to walk through the park. Make love along the way in Mendocino. Like I told you. Can you, dig it?. If you want to groove I'll be glad to have you. I Love you so. Please don't go. Please stay here with me in MendocinoJean. Oliver. From the 1969 film "The Prime Of Miss Jean Brodie" starring Oscar-winner. Maggie Smith. Written by Rod McKuen. Peak chart position # 2 in 1969. . Jean, Jean, roses are red. All the leaves have gone green. And the clouds are so low. You can touch them, and so. Come out to the meadow, Jean. Jean, Jean, you're young and alive. Come out of your half-dreamed dream. And run, if you will, to the top of the hill. Open your arms, bonnie Jean. Till the sheep in the valley come home my way. Till the stars fall around me and find me alone. When the sun comes a-singin' I'll still be waitin'. For Jean, Jean, roses are red. And all of the leaves have gone green. While the hills are ablaze with the moon's yellow haze. Come into my arms, bonnie Jean. (Jean, Jean). Jean, you're young and alive!. Come out of your half-dreamed dream. And run, if you will to the top of the hill. Come into my arms, bonnie Jean. Jean. La-la-la-la, etc.We'll drink a drink a drink. To Lily the Pink the Pink the Pink. The saviour of the human race. For she invented medicinal compound. Most efficacious in every case.. Mr. Frears. had sticky-out ears. and it made him awful shy. and so they gave him medicinal compound. and now he's learning how to fly.. Brother Tony. Was notably bony. He would never eat his meals. And so they gave him medicinal compound. Now they move him round on wheels.. We'll drink a drink a drink. To Lily the Pink the Pink the Pink. The saviour of the human race. For she invented medicinal compound. Most efficacious in every case.. Old Ebeneezer. Thought he was Julius Caesar. And so they put him in a Home. where they gave him medicinal compound. and now he's Emperor of Rome.. Johnny Hammer. Had a terrible stammer. He could hardly say a word. And so they gave him medicinal compound. Now he's seen (but never heard)!. We'll drink a drink a drink. To Lily the Pink the Pink the Pink. The saviour of the human race. For she invented medicinal compound. Most efficacious in every case.. Auntie Millie. Ran willy-nilly. When her legs, they did recede. And so they rubbed on medicinal compound. And now they call her Millipede.. Jennifer Eccles. had terrible freckles. and the boys all called her names. but she changed with medicinal compound. and now he joins in all their games.. We'll drink a drink a drink. To Lily the Pink the Pink the Pink. The saviour of the human race. For she invented medicinal compound. Most efficacious in every case.. Lily the Pink, she. Turned to drink, she. Filled up with paraffin inside. and despite her medicinal compound. Sadly Picca-Lily died.. Up to Heaven. Her soul ascended. All the church bells they did ring. She took with her medicinal compound. Hark the herald angels sing.. Oooooooooooooooo Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee'll drink a drink a drink. To Lily the Pink the Pink the Pink. The saviour of the human race. For she invented medicinal compound. Most efficacious in every caseDon't let me down. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Nobody ever loved me like she does. Ooh she does. Yes she does. And if somebody loved like she do me. Ooh she do me. Yes she does. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. I'm in love for the first time. Don't you know it's gonna last?. It's a love that lasts forever. It's a love that has no past. Don't let me down. Don't let me down. (Ooh). Don't let me down. Don't let me down. And from the first time that she really done me. Ooh she done me. She done me good. I guess nobody ever really done me. Ooh she done me. She done me good. Don't let me down. Hey!!. Don't let me down. (Hee-hee). Don't let me down. Don't let me down. Please (Ow!). (Ow!). Don't let me down. (Ow!). Don't let me down. (Can you dig it?). Don't let me downLay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed. Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed. . Whatever colors you have in your mind. I'll show them to you and you'll see them shine. . Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed. Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man a while. . Until the break of day. Let me see you make him smile. . His clothes are dirty but his, his hands are clean. And you're the best thing that hes ever seen. . Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile. . Why wait any longer for the world to begin?. You can have your cake and eat it too. . Why wait any longer for the one you love?. When he's standing in front of you. . Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed. Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead. . I long to see you in the morning light. I long to reach for you in the night. . Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still aheadFleetwood Mac. Miscellaneous. Albatross. . [instrumental]Ever since I was a young boy. I've played the silver ball. From Soho down to Brighton. I must have played them all. But I ain't seen nothing like him. In any amusement hall. That deaf, dumb and blind kid. Sure plays a mean pinball. He stands like a statue. Becomes part of the machine. Feeling all the bumpers. Always playing clean. Plays by intuition. The digit counters fall. That deaf, dumb and blind kid. Sure plays a mean pinball. He's a pinball wizard. There has to be a twist. A pinball wizard's. Got such a supple wrist. How do you think he does it? I don't know. What makes him so good?. Ain't got no distractions. Can't hear no buzzers and bells. Don't see no lights a flashing. Plays by sense of smell. Always gets a replay. Never see him fall. That deaf, dumb and blind kid. Sure plays a mean pinball. I thought I was the bally table king. But I just handed my pinball crown to him. Even on my favorite table. He can beat my best. His disciples lead him in. And he just does the rest. He's got crazy flipper fingers. Never seen him fall. That deaf, dumb and blind kind. Sure plays a mean pinballYou really should accept. This time he's gone for good. He'll never come back now. Even though he said he would. So, darling, dry your eyes. So many other guys. Would give the world I'm sure. To wear the shoes he wore. Oh, c'mon smile a little smile for me, Rosemarie. What's the use in cryin'?. In a little while you'll see, Rosemarie. You must keep on tryin'. I know that he hurt you bad. I know, darling, don't be sad and. Smile a little smile for me, Rosemarie, Rosemarie. I guess you're lonely now. Love's comin' to an end. But, darling, only now. Are you free to start again. Lift up your pretty chin. Don't let those tears begin. You're a big girl now. And you'll pull through somehow. Oh, c'mon smile a little smile for me, Rosemarie. What's the use in cryin'?. In a little while you'll see, Rosemarie. You must keep on tryin'. I know that he hurt you bad. I know, darling, don't be sad and. Smile a little smile for me, Rosemarie, Rosemarie. Smile a little smile for me, Rosemarie, RosemarieOne is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. Two can be as bad as one. It's the loneliest number since the number one. No is the saddest experience you'll ever know. Yes, it's the saddest experience you'll ever know. 'Cause one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. One is the loneliest number, whoa-oh, worse than two. It's just no good anymore since you went away. Now I spend my time just making rhymes of yesterday. One is the loneliest number. One is the loneliest number. One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. One is the loneliest. One is the loneliest. One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do. It's just no good anymore since you went away (number). One is the loneliest (number). One is the loneliest (number). One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do (number). One is the loneliest (number). One is the loneliest (number). One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do (number). One (one is the loneliest number that you'll ever do)(number). One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do (number). One is the loneliest number that you'll ever doBa ba, ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba, ba ba ba. Tracy, when I'm with you. Something you do. Bounces me off the ceiling. Tracy, day after day. When you're this way. I get a lovin' feeling. Come with me. Don't say no (please don't say no). Hold me close (and hold me close). Tracy never let go. Tracy, your gonna be (Tracy, I love you so). Happy with me. I'll build a world around you. Filled with love everywhere (Tracy, oh please don't go). And when you're there. You'll be so glad I found you. Come with me. Don't say no (please don't say no). Hold me close (and hold me close). Tracy, never, never, ever let me go. Ba ba, ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba, ba ba ba. Ba ba, ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba. Ba ba ba ba, ba ba ba. Come with me. Don't say no (please don't say no). Hold me close. Tracy, never, never, ever let me go. Tracy, never let me go. Tracy, never let me go. Tracy, never let me goDarlin' I don't know much.. I know I love you so much.. My life depends on your touch.. . And my love is a river runnin' soul deep. . Way down inside me it's a-soul deep.. It's to big to hide and it can't be denighed.. My love is a river runnin' soul de..ee..ee..ep.. . I work myself to death for ya. Just to show I adore ya.. Nothing I wouldn't do for ya.. . Cause my love is a river runnin' soul deep.. Way down inside me it's a-soul deep.. It's to big to hide and it can't be denighed.. My love is a river runnin' soul de..ee..ee..ep.. . All I ever ever hope to be . Depends on your love for me.. Baby believe me, if you should leave me . I'd be nothing but an empty shell.. I know darn well, I can tell now.. . I don't know much.. But I know I love you so much.. My life depends on your touch.. . And my love is a river runnin' soul deep.. Way down inside me it's a-soul deep.. It's to big to hide and it can't be denighed.. My love is a river runnin' soul de..ee..ee..ep.. . My love is a river runnin' soul deep.. Way down inside me it's a-soul deep.. My love is a river runnin' soul deep.. Way down inside me it's a-soul deep...When I find myself in times of trouble. Mother Mary comes to me. Speaking words of wisdom, let it be. And in my hour of darkness. She is standing right in front of me. Speaking words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. And when the broken-hearted people. Living in the world agree. There will be an answer, let it be. For though they may be parted. There is still a chance that they will see. There will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Yeah, there will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Ah, let it be, yeah, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be. And when the night is cloudy. There is still a light that shines on me. Shine on until tomorrow, let it be. I wake up to the sound of music,. Mother Mary comes to me. Speaking words of wisdom, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Let it be, yeah, let it be. Oh, there will be an answer, let it be. Let it be, let it be. Let it be, yeah, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it beIn the summertime when the weather is high. You can stretch right up and touch the sky. When the weather's right. You got women, you got women on your mind. Have a drink, have a drive. Go out and see what you can find. If her daddy's rich, take her out for a meal. If her daddy's poor, just do what you feel. Speed along the lane. Do a ton or a ton and twenty-five. When the sun goes down you can make it. Make it good in a lay-by. We're no threat, people, we're not dirty, we're not mean. We love everybody but we do as we please. When the weather is fine. We go fishing or go swimming in the sea. We're always happy. Life's for living, yeah, that's our philosophy. Sing along with us. Dee dee dee dee dee. Dah dah dah dah dah. Yeah we're hap, happy. Dah dah dah. Dee dah do dee dah do dah dah, yeah. Dah de dah dah dah, alright, alright. Dah dah ah do dah dah, alright ah. When the winter's here, yeah, it's party time. Bring a bottle, wear you're bright clothes. It'll soon be summertime and we'll sing again. We'll go drivin' or maybe we'll settle down. If she's rich, if she's nice. Bring you're friends and we'll all go into town. In the summertime when the weather is high. You can stretch right up and touch the sky. When the weather's right. You got women, you got women on your mind. Have a drink, have a drive. Go out and see what you can find. If her Daddy's rich, take her out for a meal. If her Daddy's poor, just do what you feel. Speed along the lane. Do a ton or a ton and twenty-five. When the sun goes down you can make it. Make it good in a lay-by. We're no threat, people, we're not dirty, we're not mean. We love everybody but we do as we please. When the weather is fine. We go fishing or go swimming in the sea. We're always happy. Life's for living, yeah, that's our philosophy. Sing along with us. Dee dee dee dee dee. Dah dah dah dah dah. Yeah we're hap, happy. Dah dah dah. Dee dah do dee dah do dah dah, yeahYou need coolin', baby, I'm not foolin'. I'm gonna send you back to schoolin'. Way down inside honey, you need it. I'm gonna give you my love. I'm gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. You've been learnin', baby, I bean learnin'. All them good times, baby, baby, I've been yearnin'. Way, way down inside honey, you need it. I'm gonna give you my love... I'm gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. You've been coolin', baby, I've been droolin'. All the good times I've been misusin'. Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love. I'm gonna give you every inch of my love. Gonna give you my love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Wanna Whole Lotta Love. Way down inside... woman... You need... love. Shake for me, girl. I wanna be your backdoor man. Keep it coolin', babyI met her in a club down in old Soho. Where you drink champagne and it tastes just like Coca-Cola. C-O-L-A, Cola. She walked up to me and she asked me to dance. I asked her her name and in a dark brown voice she said Lola. L-O-L-A, Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Well, I'm not the world's most physical guy. But when she squeezed me tight she nearly broke my spine, oh my Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Well, I'm not dumb but I can't understand. Why she walked like a woman but talked like a man, oh my Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Well, we drank champagne and danced all night. Under electric candlelight. She picked me up and sat me on her knee. And said "Dear boy, won't you come home with me?". Well, I'm not the world's most passionate guy. But when I looked in her eyes, well I almost fell for my Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. I pushed her away. I walked to the door. I fell to the floor. I got down on my knees. Then I looked at her and she at me. Well, that's the way that I want it to stay. And I always want it to be that way for my Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Girls will be boys and boys will be girls. It's a mixed up, muddled up, sup world, except for Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Well, I left home just a week before. And I'd never ever kissed a woman before. But Lola smiled and took me by the hand. And said "Dear boy, I'm gonna make you a man". Well, I'm not the world's most masculine man. But I know what I am and I'm glad I'm a man. And so is Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. Lola. La-la-la-la Lola. La-la-la-la LolaThere's a place up ahead and I'm goin'. Just as fast as my feet can fly. Come away, come away if you're goin'. Leave the sinkin' ship behind. Come on the risin' wind. We're goin' up around the bend. Bring a song and a smile for the banjo. Better get while the gettin's good. Hitch a ride to the end of the highway. Where the neons turn to wood. Come on the risin' wind. We're goin' up around the bend. You can ponder perpetual motion. Fix your mind on a crystal day. Always time for good conversation. There's an ear for what you say. Come on the risin' wind. We're goin' up around the bend. Catch a ride to the end of the highway. And we'll meet by the big red tree. There's a place up ahead and I'm goin'. Come along, come along with me. Come on the risin' wind. We're goin' up around the bend. Do do do do. Do do do do. Do do do do. ...Carpenters. We've Only Just Begun. (They Long To Be) Close To You. Why do birds suddenly apear. Every time you are near?. Just like me, they long to be. Close to you.. . Why do stars fall down from the sky. Every time you walk by?. Just like me, they long to be. Close to you.. . On the day that you were born. 	and the angels got together. And decided to create a dream come true. So they sprinkled moon dust. 	in your hair of gold. And starlight in your eyes of blue.. . That is why all the girls in town. Follow you all around. Just like me, they long to be. Close to you.. . On the day that you were born. 	and the angels got together. And decided to create a dream come true. So they sprinkled moon dust. 	in your hair of gold. And starlight in your eyes of blue.. . That is why all the girls in town. Follow you all around. Just like me, they long to be. Close to you.. . Just like me, they long to be. Close to you.. . ( 1963 )So long boy you can take my place, got my papers I've got my pay. So pack my bags and I'll be on my way to yellow river. Put my guns down the war is won. Fill my glass high the time has come. I'm going back to the place that I love yellow river. Yellow river yellow river is in my mind and in my eyes. Yellow river yellow river is in my blood it's the place I love. Got no time for explanation got no time to lose. Tomorrow night you'll find me. Sleeping underneath the moon at yellow river. Cannon fire lingers in my mind I'm so glad that I'm still alive. And I've been gone for such a long time from yellow river. I remember the nights were cool I can still see the water pool. And I remember the girl that I knew from yellow river. Yellow river yellow river is in my mind and in my eyes. Yellow river yellow river is in my blood it's the place I love. Got no time for explanation got no time to lose. Tomorrow night you'll find me. Sleeping underneath the moon at yellow river. Yellow river yellow river is in my mind and in my eyes. Yellow river yellow river is in my blood it's the place I loveMmm, da da da. Mmm, mmm, da da da. Mmm, mmm, da uh. American woman gonna mess your mind. American woman, she gonna mess your mind. Mmm, American woman gonna mess your mind. Mmm, American woman gonna mess your mind. Say A, uh. Say M, uh. Say E. Say R. Say I. Say A. N, mmm. American woman gonna mess your mind. Mmm, American woman gonna mess your mind. Uh, American woman gonna mess your mind. Uh!. American woman, stay away from me. American woman, mama, let me be. Don't come a-hangin' around my door. I don't wanna see your face no more. I got more important things to do. Than spend my time growin' old with you. Now woman, I said stay away. American woman, listen what I say. American woman, get away from me. American woman, mama, let me be. Don't come a-knockin' around my door. Don't wanna see your shadow no more. Coloured lights can hypnotize. Sparkle someone else's eyes. Now woman, I said get away. American woman, listen what I say, hey. American woman, said get away. American woman, listen what I say. Don't come a-hangin' around my door. Don't wanna see your face no more. I don't need your war machines. I don't need your ghetto scenes. Coloured lights can hypnotize. Sparkle someone else's eyes. Now woman, get away from me. American woman, mama, let me be. Go, gotta get away. Gotta get away now go go go. I'm gonna leave you, woman. Gonna leave you, woman. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. You're no good for me. I'm no good for you. Gonna look you right in the eye. Tell you what I'm gonna do. You know I'm gonna leave. You know I'm gonna go. You know I'm gonna leave. You know I'm gonna go, woman. I'm gonna leave ya, woman. Goodbye, American woman. Goodbye, American womanThe long and winding road. That leads to your door. Will never disappear. I've seen that road before. It always leads me here. Lead me to your door. The wild and windy night. That the rain washed away. Has left a pool of tears. Crying for the day. Why leave me standing here?. Let me know the way. Many times I've been alone. And many times I've cried. Anyway, you'll never know. The many ways I've tried. And still they lead me back. To the long, winding road. You left me standing here. A long, long time ago. Don't keep me waiting here. Lead me to your door. But still they lead me back. To the long, winding road. You left me standing here. A long, long time ago. Ohh oh. Don't keep me waiting here. Lead me to your door. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahJust got home from Illinois. Lock the front door, oh, boy!. Got to sit down. Take a rest on the porch.. Imagination set sing. Pretty soon I'm singin'.. Doo, doo, doo. Lookin' out my back door.. There's a giant doing cartwheels. A statue wearin' high heels.. Look at all the happy. Creatures dancing on the lawn.. A Dinosaur Victrola. List'ning to Buck Owens.. Doo, doo, doo. Lookin' out my back door.. Tambourines and elephants. Are playing in the band.. Won't you take a ride. On the flyin' spoon?. Doo, doo-doo.. Wond'rous apparition. Provided by magician.. Doo, doo, doo. lookin out my back door.. Tambourines and elephants. are playing in the band. Won't you take a ride. on the flyin' spoon?. doo doo doo. bother me tomorow. today al by no sorrow. doo doo doo. lookin out my back door.. solo. Forward troubles Illinois. Lock the front door, oh, boy!. Look at all the happy. Creatures dancing on the lawn.. Bother me tomorrow. Today I'll buy no sorrows.. Doo, doo, doo. Lookin' out my back door.Whoa, whoa, whoa, ow!. There she stood in-house the street. Smiling from her head to her feet. I said hey what is this. Now baby maybe, maybe she's in need of a kiss. I said a hey what's your name baby. Maybe we can see things the same.. Now don't you wait or hesitate. Let's move before they raise the parking rate, ow!. All right now, baby it's-a all right now. All right now, baby it's-a all right now. Let me tell you now. I took her home to my place. Watchin' every move on her face. She said look what's your game baby. Are you trying to put me in shame. I said slow, don't go so fast. Don't you think that love could last. She said love, lord above. Now you're tryin' to trick me in love, ay!. All right now, baby it's-a all right now. All right now, baby it's-a all right now. Yeah it's all right now, ooo. Ooo. Oh yeah ow!. Let me tell you all about it now, ow!. Yay. Took her home (yeah) to my place. Watching every move on her face. She said look, ah, what's your game. Are you trying to put me in shame. Baby I said slow, slow don't go so fast. Don't you think that love can last. She said love, lord above. Now he's trying to trick me in love, ah. All right now, baby it's-a all right now, yeah. All right now, baby it's-a all right now. All right now. Baby it's a all right yeah. All right now. Baby, baby, baby it's all right. All right now, ha. Yeah. It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. Yes. All right now. Baby it's a all right now. Yeah. We're so happy together, ow!. It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. Everything's all right, yeh(War) h'uh. Yeah!. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin) uh-huh, uh-huh. (War) h'uh. Yeah!. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin'). Say it again, y'all. (War) h'uh (h'uh) look out!. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin'). Listen to me. Ooh war, I despise. 'Cause it means destruction of innocent lives. War means tears, to thousands of mother's eyes. When their sons go off to fight and lose their lives. I said, war (h'uh). Good God, y'all!. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin') 'gin. Say it, again. (War) whoa (h'uh) whoa-whoa, Lord. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin'). Listen to me!. (War). It ain't nothin' but a heartbreaker!. (War). Friend only to the undertaker. Ooh, war. Is an enemy to all mankind. The thought of war blows my mind. War has caused unrest. Within the younger generation. Induction, then destruction. Who wants to die?. Ooh war, Good God (h'uh) y'all!. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin'). Say it, say it, say it. (War). Woah-h'uh (h'uh) yeah uh. (What is it good for?). (Absolutely) nothin'. Listen to me. (War). It ain't nothin' but a heartbreaker. (War). It's got one thing and that's the undertaker. Ooh, war. Has shattered many a-young man's dreams. Made him disabled, bitter, and mean. And life is much too short and precious. To spend fighting wars each day. War can't give life. It can only take it away. Oh, war!. (H'uh) Good God, y'all. (What is it good for?). Absolutely (nothin'). Say it, again. (War). Whoa (h'uh) whoa-whoa, Lord. (What is it good for?). A-absolutely (nothin'). Listen to me!. (War). It ain't nothin' but a heartbreaker. (War). Friend only to the undertaker. Woo!. Peace, love and understanding tell me. Is there no place for anything else?. They say we must fight. To keep our freedoms. But Lord, knows there's got to be. A better way. Oooh. (War). God, y'all! (uh). (What is it good for?). You tell 'em! (h'uh). Say it, say it, say it. (War). Good God (h'uh) now, h'uh. FADES-. (What is it good for?). Stand up and shout it. (Nothin'!). (War). It ain't nothin' but a heartbreaker. Ooh, war.she ain't got no money. her clothes are kinda funny. her hair is kinda wild and free. oh, but love grows where my rosemary goes. and nobody knows like me. she talks kinda lazy. and people say she's crazy. and her life's a mystery. oh, but love grows where my rosemary goes. and nobody knows like me. there's something about her hand holding mine. it's a feeling that's fine. and i just gotta say hey!. she's really got a magical spell. and it's working so well. that i can't get away. i'm a lucky fella. and i've just got to tell her. that i love her endlessly. because love grows where my rosemary goes. and nobody knows like me. there's something about her hand holding mine. it's a feeling that's fine. and i just gotta say hey!. she's really got a magical spell. and it's working so well. that i can't get away. i'm a lucky fella. and i've just got to tell her. that i love her endlessly. because love grows where my rosemary goes. and nobody knows like me. oh, but love grows where my rosemary goes. and nobody knows like me. (if you met her you'll never forget her. and nobody knows like me...)Want some whiskey in your water?. Sugar in your tea?. What's all these crazy questions they're askin' me?. This is the craziest party that could ever be. Don't turn on the lights 'cause I don't wanna see. Mama told me not to come. Mama told me not to come. She said "That ain't the way to have fun, son". Open up the window, let some air into this room. I think I'm almost chokin' from the smell of stale perfume. And that cigarette you're smokin' 'bout scare me half to death. Open up the window, let me catch my breath. Mama told me not to come. Mama told me not to come. She said "That ain't the way to have fun, son". "That ain't the way to have fun, son". Some radio is blastin', someone's knockin' at the door. I'm lookin' at my girlfriend - she just passed out on the floor. I've seen so many things I ain't never seen before. Don't know what it is - I don't wanna see no more. Mama told me not to come. Mama told me not to come (Mama told me). She said "That ain't the way to have fun, no" (no, no). "That ain't the way to have fun, son". Mama told me, mama told me. Mama told me, mama told me. Mama told me not to come (Mama told me not to come). "That ain't the way to have fun, son". "That ain't the way to have fun, son". "That ain't the way to have fun, no, son". "That ain't the way to have fun, son" (Mama told me). Mama told me, mama told me. Mama told me, mama told me. Mama told me not to come (Mama told me not to come). "That ain't the way to have fun, son". "That ain't the way to have fun, son". "That ain't the way to have fun" (oh no, no).Got a Black Magic Woman. Got a Black Magic Woman. I've got a Black Magic Woman. Got me so blind, I can't see. That she's a Black Magic Woman. Trying to make a Devil outta me. Don't turn your back on me, baby. Don't turn your back on me, baby, no, no, no. Don't turn your back on me, baby. Stop messing 'round with your tricks. Don't turn your back on me, baby. You just might pick up my magic sticks, oh, no. Got your spell on me, baby. You got your spell on me, baby, ohh. You got your spell on me, baby. Turning my heart into stone. I need you so bad, Magic Woman. I can't leave you alone, no, noLong as I remember the rain been comin' down. Clouds of mystery pourin' confusion on the ground.. Good men through the ages tryin' to find the sun.. And I wonder still I wonder who'll stop the rain.. I went down Virginia seekin' shelter from the storm. Caught up in the fable I watched the tower grow. Five year plans and new deals wrapped in golden chains.. And I wonder still I wonder who'll stop the rain.. Heard the singers playin', how we cheered for more.. The crowd had rushed together tryin' to keep warm.. Still the rain kept pourin', fallin' on my ears. And I wonder, still I wonder who'll stop the rain.Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. I was once out strolling one very hot summer's day. When I thought I'd lay myself down to rest. in a big field of tall grass. I lay there in the sun and felt it caressing my face. And I fell asleep and dreamed. I dreamed I was in a Hollywood movie. And that I was the star of the movie. This really blew my mind, the fact that me,. an overfed, long-haired leaping gnome. should be the star of a Hollywood movie. But there I was, I was taken to a place, the hall of the mountain kings. I stood high upon a mountain top, naked to the world. In front of every kind of girl, there was. black ones, round ones, big ones, crazy ones.... Out of the middle came a lady. She whispered in my ear something crazy. She said:. Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. (spoken:). I thought to myself what could that mean. Am I going crazy or is this just a dream. Now, wait a minute. I know I'm lying in a field of grass somewhere. so it's all in my head. and then. I heard her say one more time:. (sung:). Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. (spoken:). I could feel hot flames of fire roaring at my back. As she disappeared, but soon she returned. In her hand was a bottle of wine, in the other, a glass. She poured some of the wine from the bottle into the glass. And raised it to her lips. And just before she drank it, she said:. (sung:). Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl. Spill the wine and take that pearl, Spill the wine and take that pearl(Spoken:). I was born and raised down in Alabama. On a farm way back up in the woods. I was so ragged the folks used to call me Patches. Papa used to tease me about it 'Course deep down inside. He was hurt 'cause he'd done all he could. My papa was a great old man. I can see him with a shovel in his hand. See, education he never had. He did wonders when the times got bad. The little money from the crops he raised. Barely paid the bills we made. Oh life had kicked him down to the ground. When he tried to get up life would kick him back down. One day papa called me to his dyin' bed. Put his hands on my shoulders And in tears he said. He said "Patches, I'm depending on you son,. To pull the family through,. My son, it's all left up to you". (Spoken:). Two days later papa passed away. And I became a man that day. So I told mama I was gonna quit school. But she said that was daddy's strictest rule. So every morning 'fore I went to school. I fed the chickens and I chopped wood too. Sometimes I felt that I couldn't go on. I wanted to leave just run away from home. But I would remember what my daddy said. With tears in his eyes on his dyin' bed. He said, "Patches, I'm depending on you son. I tried to do my best,. It's up to you to do the rest". (Spoken:). Then one day a strong rain came. And washed all the crops away. And at the age of thirteen I thought I was carrying. The weight of the whole world on my shoulders. And you know, mama knew what I was going through, 'cause. Everyday I had to work the fields. 'Cause that's the only way we got our meals. See, I was the oldest of the family. And everybody else depended on me. Every night I heard my mama pray. "Lord, give him strength to make another day". Though years have passed and all the kids are grown. The angels took mama to a brand new home. Lord knows people, I shed a tear. My daddy's voice helped me through the years. Sayin, "Patches, I'm depending on you son,. To pull the family through,. My son, it's all left up to you". Oh, I could still hear papa's voice sayin'. "Patches, I'm depending on you son,. I tried to do my best,. It's up to you to do the rest".. I could still hear papa when he's sayin'. "Patches, I'm depending on you son,. To pull the family through,. My son, it's all left up to you". (Fade)Why do we never get an answer. When we're knocking at the door. With a thousand million questions. About hate and death and war. It's where we stop and look around us. There is nothing that we need. In a world of persecution. That is burning in it's greed. Why do we never get an answer. When we're knocking at the door. Because the truth is hard to swallow. That's what the wall of love is for. It's not the way that you say it. When you do those things to me. It's more the way that you mean it. When you tell me what will be. And when you stop and think about it. You won't believe it's true. That all the love you've been giving. Has all been meant for you. I'm looking for someone to change my life. I'm looking for a miracle in my life. And if you could see what it's done to me. Lose the the love I knew, could safely lead me through. Between the silence of the mountains. And the crashing of the sea. There lies a land I once lived in. And she's waiting there for me. But in the grey of the morning. My mind becomes confused. Between the dead and the sleeping. And the road that I must choose. I'm looking for someone to change my life. I'm looking for a miracle in my life. And if you could see what it's done to me. To lose the love I knew, could safely lead me to. The land that I once knew. To learn as we grow old the secrets of our souls. It's not the way that you say it. When you do those things to me. It's more the way you really mean it. When you tell me what will be. Why do we never get an answer. When we're knocking at the door?. With a thousand million questions. About hate and death and war. It's where we stop and look around us. There is nothing that we need. In a world of persecution. That is burning in it's greed. Why do we never get an answer. When we're knocking at the door?Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. We were so close, there was no room. We bled inside each other's wounds. We all had caught the same disease. And we all sang the songs of peace. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. So raise candles high. 'Cause if you don't we could stay black against the night. Oh, raise them higher again. And if you do we could stay dry against the rain. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. We were so close, there was no room. We bled inside each other's wounds. We all had caught the same disease. And we all sang the songs of peace. Some came to sing, some came to pray. Some came to keep the dark away. So raise candles high. 'Cause if you don't we could stay black against the sky. Oh, oh, raise them higher again. And if you do we could stay dry against the rain. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all down. Let your white birds smile. At the ones who stand and frown. Lay down, lay down, lay it all downBlack night is not right. I don't feel so bright. I don't care to sit tight.. Maybe i'll find on the way down the line. That i'm free, free to be me.. Black night is a long way from home.. I don't need a dark tree. I don't want a rough sea. I can't feel, i can't see.. Maybe i'll find on the way down the line. That i'm free, free to be me.. Black night is a long way from home.. Black night, black night. I don't need black night. I can't see dark night.. Maybe i'll find on the way down the line. That i'm free, free to be me.. Black night is a long way from home.When no one else can understand me. When everything I do is wrong. You give me hope and consolation. You give me strength to carry on. And you're always there to lend a hand. In everything I do, that's the wonder. The wonder of you. And when you smile the world is brighter. You touch my hand and I'm a king. Your kiss to me is worth a fortune. Your love for me is everything. I'll guess I'll never know the reason why. You love me like you do, that's the wonder. The wonder of you. I'll guess I'll never know the reason why. You love me as you do, that's the wonder. The wonder of youToday I stumbled from my bed. With thunder crashing in my head. My pillow still wet. From last night tears. And as I think of giving up. A voice inside my coffee-cup. Kept crying out. And ringing in my ears. Don't cry daddy. Daddy, please don't cry. Daddy, you've still got me and little Tommy. Together we'll find a brand new mommy. Daddy, daddy, please laugh again. Daddy ride us on your back again. Oh, daddy, please don't cry. Why are children always first. To feel the pain and hurt the worst. It's true, but somehow. It just don't seem right. 'Cause ev'ry time I cry I know. It hurts my little children so. I wonder will it be the same tonight. Don't cry daddy. Daddy, please don't cry. Daddy, you've still got me and little Tommy. Together we'll find a brand new mommy. Daddy, daddy, please laugh again. Daddy ride us on your back again. Oh, daddy, please don't cry. Oh, daddy, please don't cryHey have you ever tried. Really reaching out for the other side?. I may be climbing on rainbows. But, baby here goes. Dreams they're for those who sleep. Life is for us to keep. And if you're wondering. What this song is leading to. I want to make it with you. I really think that we could make it girl. No, you don't know me well. And every little thing only time will tell. If you believe the things that I do. And we'll see it through. Life can be short or long. Love can be right or wrong. And if I choose the one. I'd like to help me through. I'd like to make it with you. I really think that we could make it girl. Baby you know that dreams they're for those who sleep. Life is for us to keep. And if I choose the one. I'd like to help me through. I'd like to make it with you. I really think that we could make it girlWaiting for the break of day. Searching for something to say. Flashing lights against the sky. Giving up I close my eyes. Sitting cross-legged on the floor. Twenty-five or six to four. Staring blindly into space. Getting up to splash my face. Wanting just to stay awake. Wond'ring how much I can take. Should I try to do some more. Twenty-five or six to four. Feeling like I ought to sleep. Spinning room is sinking deep. Searching for something to say. Waiting for the break of day. Twenty-five or six to four. Twenty-five or six to fourFrom nowhere through a caravan around the campfire light. The big woman in motion with hair as dark as night. Her eyes were like that of a cat in the dark. That hypnotized me with love. She was a gypsy woman. She was a gypsy woman. She danced around and round to a guitar melody. From the fire her face was all aglow, how she enchanted me. Oh, how I'd like to hold her near. And kiss and forever whisper in her ear. I love you, gypsy woman. I love you, gypsy woman. All through the caravan, she was dancing with all the men. Waiting for the rising sun, everyone was having fun. I hate to see the lady go knowing she'll never know. That I love her, I love her. Gypsy woman. I love you, gypsy woman. I love you, gypsy woman. I love you, gypsy woman. I love you, gypsy womanNAIdes Of March. Miscellaneous. Vehicle. VEHICLE.                               (Jim Peterik).                           IDES OF MARCH - 1970. . Hey well I'm the friendly stranger. in the black sedan. I won't you hop inside my car. I got pictures got candy I am a lovable man . and I can take you to then nearest star. . I'm your vehicle baby. I'll take you anywhere you want to go. I'm your vehicle woman. by now I'm sure your know. That I love you (love you). Need you (need you). I want to got to have you child . great god in heaven you know I love you. . Well if you want to be a movie star. I can take you to Hollywood. but if you want to stay just like you are. you know I think really should. I'm your vehicle baby. I'll take you anywhere you want to go. I'm your vehicle woman. by now I'm sure you know. that I love you (love you). I need you (need you). I want you got to have you child. great god in heaven you know I love you. Oh you know I do. . Well I'm the friendly stranger. in the black sedan. I won't you hop inside my car. I got pictures got candy I am a lovable man. and I can take you to then nearest star. . I'm your vehicle baby. I'll take you anywhere you want to go. I'm your vehicle woman. By now I'm sure you know. that I love you (love you). I need you (need you). I want you got to have you child. great god in heaven you know I love you. And I'm your vehicle babe. . Oooh. You know I love you (love you). I need you (need you). I want you got to have you child . great in heaven you know I love you. . (C) BALD MEDUSA MUSIC CO. (ASCAP). . _._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._.   Fermin Torres Villegas                     .   Union de Universidades de America Latina   .   Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico    .   E-mail:  [email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */!function(t,e,r,n,c,a,p){try{t=document.currentScript||function(){for(t=document.getElementsByTagName('script'),e=t.length;e--;)if(t[e].getAttribute('data-cfhash'))return t[e]}();if(t&&(c=t.previousSibling)){p=t.parentNode;if(a=c.getAttribute('data-cfemail')){for(e='',r='0x'+a.substr(0,2)|0,n=2;a.length-n;n+=2)e+='%'+('0'+('0x'+a.substr(n,2)^r).toString(16)).slice(-2);p.replaceChild(document.createTextNode(decodeURIComponent(e)),c)}p.removeChild(t)}}catch(u){}}()/* ]]> */ .   Tel. (52-5) 622-05-62                      . _._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._._. 28768My lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still?. I'll wake you tomorrow. And you will be my fill, yes, you will be my fill. My lady D'Arbanville, why does it grieve me so?. But your heart seems so silent. Why do you breathe so low, why do you breathe so low?. My lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still?. I'll wake you tomorrow. And you will be my fill, yes, you will be my fill. My lady D'Arbanville, you look so cold tonight. Your lips feel like winter. Your skin has turned to white, your skin has turned to white. My lady D'Arbanville, why do you sleep so still?. I'll wake you tomorrow. And you will be my fill. La, la, la, la, la, la.... My lady D'Arbanville, why does it grieve me so?. But your heart seems so silent. Why do you breathe so low, why do you breathe so low?. I loved you my lady, though in your grave you lie. I'll always be with you. This rose will never die, this rose will never die. I loved you my lady, though in your grave you lie. I'll always be with you. This rose will never die, this rose will never dieThey paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. With a pink hotel, a boutique, and a swinging hot spot. Don't it always seem to go?. Don't know what you've got till it's gone. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. Took all the trees, put 'em in a tree museum. And they charged all the people a dollar and a half, just to see 'em. Don't it always seem to go?. You don't know what you've got till it's gone. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. Hey farmer, farmer, put away that DDT now. Give me spots on my apples, leave me the birds and the bees. Please, don't it always seem to go?. You don't know what you've got 'til it's gone. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. Late last night, I heard that scream door slam. And a big yellow tractor come and pushed around my house. Pushed around my land. I said, "Don't it always seem to go?". You don't know what you've got 'til it's gone. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. Late last night, I heard that scream door slam again. And a big yellow taxi come and took away my old man, again. Don't it always seem to go?. You don't know what you've got till it's gone. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. Oh they paved paradise and they put up those parking lots. They paved paradise and they put up a parking lot. They put up a parking lot. They put up a parking lotTin soldiers and Nixon's comin'. We're finally on our own. This summer I hear the drummin'. Four dead in Ohio. Gotta get down to it. Soldiers are gunning us down. Should have been done long ago. What if you knew her and. Found her dead on the ground?. How can you run when you know?. La la la la la la la la. La la la la la la la la. La la la la la la la la. Na na na na na na. Gotta get down to it. Soldiers are cutting us down. Should have been done long ago. What if you knew her and. Found her dead on the ground?. How can you run when you know?. Tin soldiers and Nixon's comin'. We're finally on our own. This summer I hear the drummin'. Four dead in Ohio. Four dead in Ohio. Four dead in Ohio. Four dead in Ohio. ...NAPut a candle in the window. But I feel I've got to move. Though I'm going, going. I'll be coming home soon. Long as I can see the light. Pack my bag and let's get movin'. 'Cause I'm bound to drift a while. Though I'm gone, gone. You don't have to worry long. Long as I see the light. Guess I've got that old travelin' bone. 'Cause this feeling won't leave me alone. But I won't, won't. Be losin' my way, no, no. Long as I can see the light. Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh yeah. Put a candle in the window. But I feel I've got to move. Though I'm going, going. I'll be coming home soon. Long as I can see the light. Long as I can see the light. Long as I can see the light. Long as I can see the light. Long as I can see the lightThere's rumors of war. Men dying and women crying. If you breathe air, you'll die. Perhaps you wonder the reason why. But wait, don't you worry, a new day is dawning. We'll catch the sun and away we'll fly. Are you ready to sit by His throne?. Are you ready not to be alone?. Someone's coming to take you home. And if you're ready then He'll carry you home. Are you ready?. Are you ready?. People say that He won't come. And I don't know what say you. But if He should, would you be the one?. I've got a little question I'd like to ask you. Are you ready to sit by His throne?. Are you ready not to be alone?. Someone's coming to take you home. And if you're ready then He'll carry you home. Are you ready?. Are you ready?. Brothers and sisters, I have many. Stumbling along to do their thing. Love is a song, it's better than any. It's better for music, it's easy to sing. Are you ready to sit by His throne?. Are you ready not to be alone?. Someone's coming to take you home. And if you're ready then He'll carry you home. Are you ready to sit by His throne?. Are you ready not to be alone?. Someone's coming to take you home. And if you're ready then He'll carry you home. (Yes, I'm ready). Are you ready?. (Yes, I'm ready). Are you ready?. (Yes, I'm ready). I've got to know, yeah. (Yes, I'm ready). You sound real good. (Yes, I'm ready). Are you ready?. (Yes, I'm ready). Gonna be sunshine again. (Yes, I'm ready). And the flowers growing. (Yes, I'm ready). Children playing. (Yes, I'm ready). Gonna be alright. (Yes, I'm ready). You've got to be ready. (Yes, I'm ready). I know you're ready. (Yes, I'm ready). Say it loud one more time. (Yes, yes, I'm ready). Oh, yeah. (Yes, yes, I'm ready)Well I came upon a child of God. He was walkin' along the road and I asked him. "Tell me where are you going?". . This he told me, said, "I'm going on down to Yasgur's farm. Gonna join in a rock and roll band. I gotto get back to the land and set my soul free". . We are stardust, we are golden. We are billion year old carbon. And we got to get ourselves back to the garden. . Well then can I walk beside you. I have come to lose the smog. And I feel myself a cog in somethin' turnin'. . And maybe it's the time of year. Yes and maybe it's the time of man. And I don't know who I am, but life is for learnin'. . We are stardust, we are golden. We are billion year old carbon. And we got to get ourselves back to the garden. . We are stardust, we are golden. We are billion year old carbon. And we got to get ourselves back to the garden. . By the time we got to Woodstock. We were half a million strong. And everywhere was a song and a celebration. . And I dreamed I saw the farmers. Just play his ridin' shotgun in the sky. Turning into butterflies above our nation. . We are stardust, we are golden. We are caught in the devil's bargain. And we got to get ourselves back to the gardenAnd when you climb into your bed tonight. And when you lock and bolt the door. Just think of those out in the cold and dark. 'Cause there's not enough love to go 'round. And sympathy is what we need my friend. And sympathy is what we need. And sympathy is what we need my friend. 'Cause there's not enough love to go 'round. No, there's not enough love to go 'round. Now half the world hates the other half. And half the world has all the food. And half the world lies down and quietly starves. 'Cause there's not enough love to go 'round. And sympathy is what we need my friend. And sympathy is what we need. And sympathy is what we need my friend. 'Cause there's not enough love to go 'round. No, there's not enough love to go 'roundThe Letter. Give me a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home, my Baby just wrote me a letter. I don't care how much money I gotta spend. I got to get back to my baby again. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home, my Baby just wrote me a letter. Well she wrote me a letter, said she couldn't live without me no more. Listen Mister can't you see I got to get back to my baby once more. Anyway Yeah. Give me a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home, my Baby just wrote me a letter. I don't care how much money I gotta spend. I got to get back to my baby again. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home, my Baby just wrote me a letter. Well she wrote me a letter, said she couldn't live without me no more. Listen Mister can't you see I got to get back to my baby once more. Anyway Yeah. Give me a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home, my Baby just wrote me a letter. My Baby just wrote me a letter. I don't care how much money I spend. Got to get back to my baby again. Lonely days are gone (Lonely days are gone) I'm a going home. My baby just wrote me a letter. My baby wrote me a letter. My baby wrote me a letter. Lonely days are gone. I'm a going home. My baby just wrote me a letter. Give me a ticket for an aeroplane. Ain't got the time to take a fast train. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home. My baby just wrote me a letter. (My baby just wrote me a letter). I don't care how much money I got to spend. Got to get back to my baby again. Lonely days are gone, I'm a going home. My baby just wrote me a letter. My baby just wrote me a letterNASee me, feel me. Touch me, heal me. See me, feel me. Touch me, heal me. See me, feel me. Touch me, heal me. See me, feel me. Touch me, heal me. Listening to you, I get music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountain. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Listening to you, I get the music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountain. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Listening to you, I get music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountain. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Listening to you, I get music. Gazing at you, I get the heat. Following you, I climb the mountain. I get excitement at your feet. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the story. Right behind you, I see the millions. On you, I see the glory. From you, I get opinions. From you, I get the storyWell, I'm a voodoo chile. Lord I'm a voodoo chile. Well, the night I was born. Lord I swear the moon turned a fire red. The night I was born. I swear the moon turned a fire red. Well my poor mother cried out "Lord, the gypsy was right!". And I seen her, fell down right dead. (Have mercy). Well, mountain lions found me there waitin'. And set me on an eagle's back. Well, mountain lions found me there. And set me on an eagle's wing. (It's the eagle's wing, baby, what did I say?). He took me past to the outskirts of infinity. And when he brought me back. He gave me a Venus witch's ring. Hey. And he said "Fly on, fly on". Because I'm a voodoo chile, yeah, voodoo chile. Hey. Well, I make love to you. And Lord knows you'll feel no pain. Say, I make love to you in your sleep. And Lord knows you felt no pain. (Have mercy). 'Cause I'm a million miles away. And at the same time I'm right here in your picture frame. (Yeah! What did I say now). 'Cause I'm a voodoo chile. Lord knows, I'm a voodoo chile. (Yeah!). Well my arrows are made of desire. From far away as Jupiter's sulphur mines. Say my arrows are made of desire, desire. From far away as Jupiter's sulphur mines. (Way down by the Methane Sea, yeah). I have a humming bird and it hums so loud. You think you were losing your mind, hmmm. Well I float in liquid gardens. And Arizona new red sand. (Yeah). I float in liquid gardens. Way down in Arizona red sand. Well, I taste the honey from a flower named Blue. Way down in California. And the in New York drowns as we hold hands. 'Cause I'm a voodoo chile. Lord knows I'm a voodoo chileChildren play in the park. They don't know. I'm alone in the dark. Even though. Time and time again. I see your face smiling inside. I'm so happy. That you love me. Life is lovely. When you're near me. Tell me you will stay. Make me smile. Living life is just a game. So they say. All the games we used to play. Fade away. We may now enjoy. The dreams we shared so long ago. Oh, my darling. Got to have you. Feel the magic. When I hold you. Cry sweet tears of joy. Touch the skyYou got to change your evil ways, baby. Before I stop loving you. You got to change, baby. And every word that I say is true. You've got me runnin' an' hidin' all over town. You've got me sneakin' an' a'peepin' and runnin' you down. This can't go on, Lord knows you got to change, baby. Baby, when I come home, baby. My house is dark and my pots are cold. You hangin' 'round, baby. With Jean and Joan and a who knows who. I'm getting tired of waitin' and foolin' around. I'll find somebody, that won't make me feel like a clown. This can't go on, Lord knows you got to change. When I come home, baby. My house is dark and my pots are cold. You hangin' 'round, baby. With Jean and Joan and a who knows who. I'm gettin' tired of waitin' and foolin' around. I'll find somebody, that won't make me feel like a clown. This can't go on, yeah yeah yeahNAGeorge Harrison. Miscellaneous. My Sweet Lord. My sweet lord. Hm, my lord. Hm, my lord. . I really want to see you. Really want to be with you. Really want to see you lord. But it takes so long, my lord. . My sweet lord. Hm, my lord. Hm, my lord. . I really want to know you. Really want to go with you. Really want to show you lord. That it won't take long, my lord (hallelujah). . My sweet lord (hallelujah). Hm, my lord (hallelujah). My sweet lord (hallelujah). . I really want to see you. Really want to see you. Really want to see you, lord. Really want to see you, lord. But it takes so long, my lord (hallelujah). . My sweet lord (hallelujah). Hm, my lord (hallelujah). My, my, my lord (hallelujah). . I really want to know you (hallelujah). Really want to go with you (hallelujah). Really want to show you lord (aaah). That it won't take long, my lord (hallelujah). . Hmm (hallelujah). My sweet lord (hallelujah). My, my, lord (hallelujah). . Hm, my lord (hare krishna). My, my, my lord (hare krishna). Oh hm, my sweet lord (krishna, krishna). Oh-uuh-uh (hare hare). . Now, I really want to see you (hare rama). Really want to be with you (hare rama). Really want to see you lord (aaah). But it takes so long, my lord (hallelujah). . Hm, my lord (hallelujah). My, my, my lord (hare krishna). My sweet lord (hare krishna). My sweet lord (krishna krishna). My lord (hare hare). Hm, hm (Gurur Brahma). Hm, hm (Gurur Vishnu). Hm, hm (Gurur Devo). Hm, hm (Maheshwara). My sweet lord (Gurur Sakshaat). My sweet lord (Parabrahma). My, my, my lord (Tasmayi Shree). My, my, my, my lord (Guruve Namah). My sweet lord (Hare Rama). . [fade:]. . (hare krishna). My sweet lord (hare krishna). My sweet lord (krishna krishna). My lord (hare hare)Gold Coast slave ship bound for cotton fields. Sold in a market down in New Orleans. Scarred old slaver know he's doin' alright. Hear him whip the women just around midnight. Brown sugar, how come you taste so good. Brown sugar, just like a young girl should. Drums beating, cold English blood runs hot. Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop. House boy knows that he's doin' alright. You should a heard him just around midnight. Brown sugar, how come you taste so good. Brown sugar, just like a young girl should. . Brown sugar, how come you taste so good. Brown sugar, just like a black girl should. I bet your mama was a Tent Show queen. And all her boyfriends were sweet sixteen. I'm no school boy but I know what I like. You should have heard me just around midnight. Brown sugar, how come you taste so good. Brown sugar, just like a young girl should. . I said yeah, I said yeah, I said yeah, I said oh. Just like a black girl shouldJeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine. I never understood a single word he said. But I helped him a-drink his wine. And he always had some mighty fine wine. Singin'.... Joy to the world. All the boys and girls now. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. If I were the king of the world. Tell you what I'd do. I'd throw away the cars and the bars and the war. Make sweet love to you. Sing it now.... Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. You know I love the ladies. Love to have my fun. I'm a high life flyer and a rainbow rider. A straight shootin' son-of-a-gun. I said a straight shootin' son-of-a-gun. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the world. Joy to you and me. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls now. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. you know i mean.. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. Joy to the world. All the boys and girls. Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea. Joy to you and me. (fading)Busted flat in Baton Rouge waitin' for a train. And I was feelin' near as faded as my jeans. Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained. It rode us all the way into New Orleans. I pulled my harpoon out of my dirty red bandanna. And I was playin' soft while Bobby sang the blues, yeah. Windshield wipers slappin' time, I was holdin' Bobby's hand in mine. We sang every song that driver knew. Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose. Nothin' don't mean nothin' honey if it ain't free. And feelin' good was easy, Lord, Bobby sang the blues. You know feelin' good was good enough for me. Good enough for me and my Bobby McGee. From the Kentucky coal mines to the California sun. Bobby shared the secrets of my soul. Through all kinds of weather, through everything that we'd done. So Bobby baby, he kept me from the cold. One day up near Salinas, Lord, I let him slip away. He's lookin' for that home and I hope he finds it. But I'd trade all of my tomorrows for one single yesterday. To be holdin' Bobby's body next to mine. Freedom's just another word for nothin' left to lose. Nothin', that's all that Bobby left me, yeah. Feelin' good was easy, Lord, Bobby sang the blues. I said feelin' good was good enough for me, mmm hmm. Was good enough for me and my Bobby McGee. La da da, la da da da, la da da da da da da. La da da da, la da la da, Bobby McGee. La da la da, la da, la da la da da. La da la da la la, Bobby McGee. La da da, la da da, la da da, la da da. Na na na na na na na na na na na na na. Bobby Mcgee. La da da, la da da, la da da. Na na na na na na na na na na. Hey, my Bobby, Lord, my Bobby McGee, yeah. Lo da lo, da la lo da la. Lo da la lo, da la lo la la, lo la la lo la la. Hey, my Bobby, Lord, my Bobby McGee, yeah. Hey, I call him my lover, I call him my man. I said I call him my lover, did the best I can. Said now come on Bobby, Lord, come on Bobby McGee, yeah. La da la da, la da la da, la da la da, la da la la. Hey, hey, hey, Bobby McGee, yeahEveryday she takes a morning bath she wets her hair. Wraps a towel around her as she's heading for the bedroom chair. It's just another day. Slipping into stockings, stepping into shoes. Dipping in the pocket of her raincoat. It's just another day. At the office where the papers grow she takes a break. Drinks another coffee and she finds it hard to stay awake. It's just another day. It's just another day. It's just another day. So sad, so sad, sometimes she feels so sad. Alone in her apartment she'd dwell. Till the man of her dreams comes to break the spell. Stay, don't stand around and he comes and he stays. But he leaves the next day, so sad. Sometimes she feels so sad. As she posts another letter to the sound of five. People gather 'round her and she finds it hard to stay alive. It's just another day. It's just another day. It's just another day. So sad, so sad, sometimes she feels so sad. Alone in her apartment she'd dwell. Till the man of her dreams comes to break the spell. Stay, don't stand around and he comes and he stays. But he leaves the next day, so sad. Sometimes she feels so sad. Everyday she takes a morning bath she wets her hair. Wraps a towel around her as she's heading for the bedroom chair. It's just another day. Slipping into stockings, stepping into shoes. Dipping in the pocket of her raincoat. It's just another day. It's just another day. It's just another dayThere's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold. And she's buying a stairway to heaven. When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed. With a word she can get what she came for. Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven. There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure. 'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings. Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven. Ooh, it makes me wonder. Ooh, it makes me wonder. There's a feeling I get when I look to the west. And my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees. And the voices of those who stand looking. Ooh, it makes me wonder. Ooh, it really makes me wonder. And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune. Then the piper will lead us to reason. And a new day will dawn for those who stand long. And the forests will echo with laughter. If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now. It's just a spring clean for the May queen. Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run. There's still time to change the road you're on. And it makes me wonder. Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know. The piper's calling you to join him. Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow and did you know. Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?. And as we wind on down the road. Our shadows taller than our soul. There walks a lady we all know. Who shines white light and wants to show. How everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard. The tune will come to you at last. When all are one and one is all, yeah. To be a rock and not to roll. And she's buying a stairway to heavenIt don't come easy,. You know it don't come easy.. It don't come easy,. You know it don't come easy.. Got to pay your dues if you wanna sing the blues,. And you know it don't come easy.. You don't have to shout or leap about,. You can even play them easy.. Forget about the past and all your sorrows,. The future won't last,. It will soon be over tomorrow.. I don't ask for much, i only want your trust,. And you know it don't come easy.. And this love of mine keeps growing all the time,. And you know it just ain't easy.. Open up your heart, let's come together,. Use a little love. And we will make it work out better.. (ah -). (ah -). (ooh-ooh). (ah-ooh-ooh). Got to pay your dues if you wanna sing the blues,. And you know it don't come easy.. You don't have to shout or leap about,. You can even play them easy.. Peace, remember peace is how we make it,. Here within your reach. If you're big enough to take it.. I don't ask for much, i only want your trust,. And you know it don't come easy.. And this love of mine keeps growing all the time,. And you know it don't come easy.Someone told me long ago. There's a calm before the storm. I know!. It's been comin' for sometime. When it's over, so they say. It'll rain on a sunny day. I know!. Shining down like water. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain?. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain. Comin' down on a sunny day?. Yesterday and days before. Sun is cold and rain is hard. I know!. Been that way for all my time. 'Til forever on it goes. Through the circle fast and slow. I know!. It can't stop, I wonder. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain?. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain. Comin' down on a sunny day?. Yeah!. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain?. I wanna know, have you ever seen the rain. Comin' down on a sunny day?It's a little bit funny. This feeling inside. I'm not one of those who can easily hide. Don't have much money but boy if I did. I'd buy a big house where we both could live. If I was a sculptor. Ha. But then again no. Or a man who makes potions in a traveling show. I know it's not much but it's the best I can do. My gift is my song and this one's for you. And you can tell everybody. This is your song. It may be quite simple but now that it's done. I hope you don't mind. I hope you don't mind. That I put down in words. How wonderful life is while you're in the world. I sat on the roof and kicked off the moss. Well a few of the verses well they've got me quite cross. But the sun's been quite kind. While I wrote this song. It's for people like you that keep it turned on. So excuse me forgetting. But these things I do. You see I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue. Anyway the thing is what I really mean. Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen. And you can tell everybody. This is your song. It may be quite simple but now that it's done. I hope you don't mind. I hope you don't mind. That I put down in words. How wonderful life is while you're in the world. I hope you don't mind. I hope you don't mind. That I put down in words. How wonderful life is while you're in the worldRiders on the storm, riders on the storm. Into this house we're born, into this world we're thrown. Like a dog without a bone, an actor out on loan. Riders on the storm. There's a killer on the road, his brain is squirmin' like a toad. Take a long holiday, let your children play. If ya give this man a ride, sweet family will die. Killer on the road, yeah. Girl ya gotta love your man, girl ya gotta love your man. Take him by the hand, make him understand. The world on you depends, our life will never end. Gotta love your man, yeah. Riders on the storm, riders on the storm. Into this house we're born, into this world we're thrown. Like a dog without a bone, an actor out on loan. Riders on the storm. Riders on the storm, riders on the storm. Riders on the storm, riders on the stormTu me dis loin des yeux loin du coeur. Tu me dis qu'on oublie le meilleur. Malgre les horizons je sais qu'elle m'aime encore. Cette fille que j'avais surnommee.. Butterfly. My butterfly dans un mois je reviendrai. Butterfly. My butterfly pres de toi je resterai.. L'ocean c'est petit tout petit. Pour de coeur ou l'amour a grandi. Malgre ce que tu dis tu vois qu'elle m'aine encore. Cette fille que j'avais enlassee.. Butterfly .... Notre amour est si grand oui si grand. Que le ciel etiendrait tout de temps. Malgre ce que tu dis je sais qu'elle m'aime encore. Cette fille que j'avais embrassee.NAGood morning, mister sunshine, you brighten up my day. Come sit beside me in your way. I see you every morning outside the restaurants. The music plays so nonchalant. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Good morning, mister sunshine, you brighten up my day. Come sit beside me in your way. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Lonely days, lonely nights, where would I be without my woman?. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, lonely days, lonely nightsWhat I feel, I can't say. But my love is there for you anytime of day. But if it's not love that you need. Then I'll try my best to make everything succeed. Tell me, what is my life without your love, oh. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. What I know, I can do. If I give my love now to everyone like you. But if it's not love that you need. Then I'll try my best to make everything succeed. Tell me, what is my life without your love. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. Tell me, what is my life without your love, oh. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. What I feel, I can't say. But my love is there for you any time of day. But if it's not love that you need. Then I'll try my best to make everything succeed. Tell me, what is my life without your love, oh. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. Oh, tell me, what is my life without your love, oh. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. What is my life without your love, oh. Tell me, who am I without you, ooh, by my side. Oh, tell me, what is my life without your love, oh. Tell me who am I without youNADon't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, cry for a hundred years. Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me a drownin' in my tears. You say you're gonna leave. Gonna take that big white bird. Gonna fly right out of here. Without a single word. But you know you'll break my heart. When I watch you close that door?. 'Cause I know I won't see you anymore. Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, cry for a hundred years. Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me drownin' in my tears. Haven't I been good to you?. What about that brand new ring?. Doesn't that mean love to you?. Doesn't that mean anything?. If I threw away my pride. And I got down on my knees. Would you make me beg you, "pretty please?". Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, cry for a hundred years. Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me drownin' in my tears. There's so much I wanna do. I've got love enough for two. But I'll never use it, girl, if I don't have you. Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, cry for a hundred years. Don't pull your love out on me, honey. Take my heart, my soul, my money. But don't leave me drownin' in my tears. Don't pull your love out on me, baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, cry for a hundred years. Don't pull your love out on me baby. If you do then I think that maybe. I'll just lay me down, (fade)Go away, little girl, go away, little girl. I'm not supposed to be alone with you. I know that your lips are sweet. But our lips must never meet. I'm dating someone else, and I must be true. Go away, little girl, go away, little girl. It's hurtin' me more each minute that you delay. When you are near me like this. You're much too hard to resist. So, go away, little girl, before I beg you to stay. Go away, little girl, go away, little girl. It hurts me more the more that you delay. When you are near me like this. You're much too hard to resist. So, go away, little girl lets call it a day, little girl. Oh, please, go away, little girl, before I beg you to stay. Go away, go away, little girl. Go away, go away, little girl. Go away, please go away, little girl. Go away, go away, little girl. Go away, go away, little girl. Go awayBaby I'm a want you. Baby I'm a need you.. You're the only one I cared enough to hurt about.. Maybe I'm a crazy, but I just can't live with out. Your lovin' and affection. givin' me direction. like a guiding light to help me through my darkest hour.. Lately I'm a prayin. that you'll always be a stayin' be side me.. Used to be my life was just emotions passing by.. Feeling all the while and never really knowing why.... Lately I'm a prayin. that you'll always be a stayin' be side me.. Used to be my life was just emotions passing by.. Then you came along and made me laugh and made me cry.. You taught me why.... Baby I'm a want you.. Baby I'm a need you.. Oohh . took so long to find you, baby. Baby I'm a want you.. Baby I'm a need youA-ah-ahh-ah. Ah-ah-ahh-ah. We come from the land of the ice and snow from the midnight sun where the hot springs blow. The hammer of the gods. Will drive our ships to new lands. To fight the horde, sing and cry. Valhalla, I am coming. On we sweep with. With threshing oar. Our only goal will be the western shore. Ah-ah-ahh-ah. Ah-ah-ahh-ah. We come from the land of the ice and snow from the midnight sun where the hot springs FLOW. How soft your fields, so green. Can whisper tales of gore. Of how we calmed the tides of war. We are your overlords. On we sweep. With threshing oar. Our only goal will be the western shore. S-so now you better stop. Rebuild all your ruins. For peace and trust can win the day. Despite of all you're losin'. Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh. Ahh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh. Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-oohPower to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people. . Power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. . You say we want a revolution. We better get on right away. Well, you get on your feet. And enter the street. . Singin', power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. . A million workers workin' for nothin'. You better give 'em what they really own. We got to put you down. When we come into town. . Singin', power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. . I gotta ask you comrades and brothers. How do you treat your own woman back home?. She got to be herself. So she can give herself. . Singin', power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. Now, now, now, now. . Oh well, power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. . Oh yeah, power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right on. . Power to the people, power to the people. Power to the people, power to the people, right onI came upon a child of God. He was walking along the road. When I asked him, where are you going?. This he told me. I'm going down to Yasgur's farm. Think I'll join a rock and roll band. I'll camp out on the land. I'll try and set my soul free. We are stardust, we are golden. And we've got to get ourselves back to the garden. Then can I walk beside you. I have come here to lose the smog. And I feel just like a cog. In something turning. Well maybe it's the time of year. Or maybe it's the time of man. And I don't know who I am. But life's for learning. We are stardust, we are golden. And we've got to get ourselves back to the garden. By the time I got to Woodstock. They were half a million strong. Everywhere there were songs. And celebration. And I dreamed I saw the bombers. Riding shotgun in the sky. Turning into butterflies. Above our nation. We are stardust, we are golden. And we've got to get ourselves back to the garden. We are stardust, we are golden. And we've got to get ourselves back to the garden. We are stardust, we are golden. And we've got to get ourselves back to the gardenWell hello there, my it's been a long long time. How am I doin', oh well I guess I'm doi'n fine. It's been so long now and it seems that. It was only yesterday. Mmm, ain't it funny how time slips away. How's your new love, I hope that he's doin' fine. Heard you told him, yes baby. That you'd love him till the end of time. Well you know, tha's the same thing. that you told me. Well it seems like just the other day. Mmm, ain't it funny how time slips away. Gotta go now,. guess I'll see you hanging round. Don't know when I'll be back in town. But I remember what I told you. That in time your gonna pay. Well ain't surprisin' how time slips away. Yeah' ain't it surprisin' how time slips awayI won't laugh at you when you boo-hoo-hoo, cos' I love you. I can turn my back on the things you lack, cos' I love you. I just like the things you do (mmm). Don't you change the things you do (mmm). You get me in a spot and smile the smile you got, and I love you. You make me out a clown then you put me down, I still love you. I just like the things you do (mmm). Don't you change the things you do (mmm). Hey. When you bite your lip you're gonna flip your flip, but I love you. When we're miles apart you still reach my heart, how I love you. I just like the things you do (mmm). Don't you change the things you do (mmm). Only time can tell if we get on well cos' I love you. All that's passed us by we can only sighhihi cos' I love you. I just like the things you do (mmm). Don't you change the things you do (mmm)Rrr, sabor!. Oye como va mi ritmo. Bueno pa' gozar, mulata. Oye como va mi ritmo. Bueno pa' gozar mulata. Oye como va mi ritmo. Bueno pa' gozar, mulata. Oye como va mi ritmo. Bueno pa' gozar mulataI knew a man, Bojangles and he'd dance for you. In worn out shoes.. With silver hair and ragged shirt and baggy pants,. He did the old soft shoe.. He jumped so high, he jumped so high. And then he lightly touched down.. I met him in a cell in New Orleans I was - down and out.. He looked to me to be the eyes of age. As he spoke right out.. He talked of life, he talked of life, he laughed, clicked his heels and stepped.. He said his name "Bojangles" and he danced a lick,. across the cell. He grabbed his pants and spread his stance,. Oh he jumped so high. and then he clicked his heels. He let go a laugh, let go a laugh,. sback his clothes all around. Mr. Bojangles. Mr. Bojangles.. Mr. Bojangles, Dance. He danced for those at minstrel shows and county fairs. throughout the south. He spoke through tears of 15 years how his dog and him. they traveled about.. Well the dog up and died, he up and died.. And after 20 years he still grieves.. He said I dance now at every chance in honky tonks. for drinks and tips. But most the time I spend behind these county bars. 'cause I drinks a bit. He shis head, and as he shis head. I heard someone ask him please, pleeease.. Mr. Bojangles. Mr. Bojangles.. Mr. Bojangles, won't you Dance.. I knew a man, Bojangles and he danced for you.If I listened long enough to you. I'd find a way to believe that it's all true. Knowin' that you lied straight-faced while I cried. Still I look to find a reason to believe. . Someone like you makes it hard to live without. Somebody else. Someone like you makes it easy to give. Never think about myself. . If I gave you time to change my mind. I'd tried to leave all the past behind. Knowin' that you lied straight-faced while I cried. Still I look to find a reason to believe. . Someone like you makes it easy to live without. Somebody else. Someone like you makes it hard to give. Never think about myself. . If I listened to long enough to you. I'd find a way to believe that it's all true. Knowin' that you lied straight-faced while I cried. Still I look to find a reason to believe. . Still I look to find a reason to believe. One more time. Still I look to find a reason to believeNAHey, tonight. Gonna be tonight. Don't you know i'm flyin'. Tonight, tonight.. Hey, c'mon. Gonna chase tomorrow. Tonight, tonight.. Gonna get it to the rafters. Watch me now.. Jody's gonna get religion. All night long.. Hey, c'mon. Gonna hear the sun. Tonight, tonight.. .... Gonna get it to the rafters. Watch me now.. Jody's gonna get religion. All night long.. Aaaah!. Hey, tonight. Gonna be tonight. Don't you know i'm flyin'. Tonight, tonight.. Tonight, tonight.If you're down and confused. And you don't remember who you're talking too. Concentration slips away. Cause you're baby is so far away. CHORUS. Well there's a rose in the fisted glove. And eagle flies with the dove. And if you can't be with the one you love honey. Love the one you're with. Don't be angry - don't be sad. Don't sit crying over good times you've had. There's a girl right next to you. And she's just waiting for something to do. CHORUS. Doo doo doo doo. Turn your heartache right into joy. Cause she's a girl and you're a boy. Get it together come on make it nice. You ain't gonna need anymore advice. CHORUS. Doo doo doo doo From: Barney MartinHey rainmaker come away. from that man you know. he's gonna take away your promised land.. Hey good lady. he just want what you got. you know he'll never stop. until he's taken the lot.. Gonna stamp out your fire. he can change your desire. don't you know that he can make. you forget you're a man. gonna stamp out your fire. he can change your desire. don't you know that he can make. you forget you're a man. you're a man. He's a man.. He's gonna step on you again.. He's gonna step on you again.. He's gonna step on you again.. He's gonna step on you again.. Hey rainmaker he got golden plans. I tell you he make you. a stranger in your land.. Hey good lady. he got God on his side. he got a double tongue. you never think that he lie.. Gonna stamp out.... Hey rainmaker come away. from that man you know. he's gonna take away your promised land.. Hey good lady. he got God on his side. he got a double tongue. you never think that he lieDon't you love her madly?. Don't you need her badly?. Don't you love her ways?. Now tell me what you say?. Don't you love her madly?. Wanna be her daddy. Don't you love her face?. Don't you love her. As she's walkin' out the door?. Like she did. One thousand times before. Don't you love her ways?. Now tell me what you say?. Don't you love her. As she's walkin' out the door?. All your love, all your love. All your love, all your love. All your love is gone. So sing a lonely song. Of a deep blue dream. Seven horses seem. To be on the mark. Yeah, don't you love her?. Don't you love her. As she's walkin' out the door?. All your love, all your love. All your love. Yeah, all your love is gone. So sing a lonely song. Of a deep blue dream. Seven horses seem. To be on the mark. Well, don't you love her madly?. And don't you love her madly?. Oh, don't you love her madly?Now I've been happy lately. Thinkin' about the good things to come. And I believe it could be. Something good has begun. Oh, I've been smilin' lately. Dreamin' about the world as one. And I believe it could be. Some day it's goin' to come. 'Cause out on the edge of darkness. There rides a peace train. Oh, peace train take this country. Come take me home again. Now I've been smilin' lately. Thinkin' about the good things to come. And I believe it could be. Something good has begun. Oh, peace train soundin' louder. Glide on the peace train. Come on now, peace train. Yes, peace train, holy roller. Everyone jump up on the peace train. Come on now, peace train. Get your bags together. Go bring your good friends too. Because it's gettin' nearer. It soon will be with you. Now come and join the livin'. It's not so far from you. And it's gettin' nearer. Soon it will all be true. Oh, peace train soundin' louder. Glide on the peace train. Come on now peace train, peace train. Now I've been cryin' lately. Thinkin' about the world as it is. Why must we go on hatin'?. Why can't we live in bliss?. 'Cause out on the edge of darkness. There rides a peace train. Oh, peace train take this country. Come take me home again. Oh, peace train soundin' louder. Glide on the peace train. Come on now, peace train. Yes, peace train, holy roller. Everyone jump up on the peace train. Yes, come on peace train, yeah. Yes, it's the peace train. Come on now, peace train, oh peace trainNow that I've lost everything to you. You say you wanna start something new. And it's breakin' my heart you're leavin'. Baby, I'm grievin'. But if you wanna leave, take good care. I hope you have a lot of nice things to wear. But then a lot of nice things turn bad out there. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. I'll always remember you like a child, girl. You know I've seen a lot of what the world can do. And it's breaking my heart in two. Because I never wanna see you a sad girl. Don't be a bad girl. But if you wanna leave, take good care. I hope you make a lot of nice friends out there. But just remember there's a lot of bad and beware. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. I'll always remember you like a child, girl. Baby, I love you. But if you wanna leave, take good care. I hope you make a lot of nice friends out there. But just remember there's a lot of bad and beware. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. I'll always remember you like a child, girl.. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world. I'll always remember you like a child, girlMother, you had me, but I never had you. I wanted you, you didn't want me. So I, I just got to tell you. Goodbye, goodbye. Father, you left me, but I never left you. I needed you, you didn't need me. So I, I just got to tell you. Goodbye, goodbye. Children, don't do what I have done. I couldn't walk and I tried to run. So I, I just got to tell you. Goodbye, goodbye. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come home. Mama don't go. Daddy come homeI want to live. I want to give. I've been a miner. for a heart of gold. It's these expressions. I never give. That keep me searching. for a heart of gold. And I'm getting old. Keeps me searching. for a heart of gold. And I'm getting old. I've been to Hollywood. I've been to Redwood. I've crossed the ocean. for a heart of gold. I've been in my mind. it's such a fine line. That keeps me searching. for a heart of gold. And I'm getting old. Keeps me searching. for a heart of gold. And I'm getting old. Keep me searching. for a heart of gold. You keep me searching. And I'm growing old. Keep me searching. for a heart of gold. I've been a miner. for a heart of goldSunday morning, up with the lark. I think I'll take a walk in the park. Hey, hey, hey, it's a beautiful day. . I've got someone, waiting for me. When I see her, I know that she'll say. Hey, hey, hey, it's a beautiful day. . Hi, hi, hi, beautiful Sunday. This is my, my, my, beautiful day. When you say, say, say, say that you love me. Oh, my, my, my it's a beautiful day. . Birds are singing, you by my side. Let's take a car and go for a ride. Hey, hey, hey, it's a beautiful day. . We'll drive on and follow the sun. Makin' Sunday go on and on. Hey, hey, hey, it's a beautiful day. . Hi, hi, hi, beautiful Sunday. This is my, my, my, beautiful day. When you say, say, say, say that you love me. Oh, my, my, my, it's a beautiful day. . Hi, hi, hi, beautiful Sunday. This is my, my, my, beautiful day. When you say, say, say, say that you love me. Oh, my, my, my it's a beautiful dayOn the first part of the journey. I was looking at all the life. There were plants and birds and rocks and things. There was sand and hills and rings. The first thing I met was a fly with a buzz. And the sky with no clouds. The heat was hot and the ground was dry. But the air was full of sound. I've been through the desert on a horse with no name. It felt good to be out of the rain. In the desert you can remember your name. Cause there ain't no one 4-2 give you no pain. La, la. After two days in the desert sun. My skin began to turn red. After three days in the desert fun. I was looking at a river bed. And the story it told of a river that flowed. Made me sad to think it was dead. You see I've been through the desert on a horse with no name. It felt good to be out of the rain. In the desert you can remember your name. Cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain. La, la. After nine days I let the horse run free. Cause the desert had turned to sea. There were plants and birds and rocks and things. There was sand and hills and rings. The ocean is a desert with it's life underground. And a perfect disguise above. Under the cities lies a heart made of ground. But the humans will give no love. You see I've been through the desert on a horse with no name. It felt good to be out of the rain. In the desert you can remember your name. Cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain. La, laI rode my bicycle past your window last night. I roller skated to your door at daylight. It almost seems like you're avoiding me. I'm okay alone but you got something I need. Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates. You got a brand new key. I think that we should get together. And try them out, you see. I been looking around awhile. You got something for me. Oh, I got a brand new pair of roller skates. You got a brand new key. I ride my bike, I roller skate, don't drive no car. Don't go too fast but I go pretty far. For somebody who don't drive, I been all around the world. Some people say, I done all right for a girl. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I asked your mother if you were at home. She said yes, but you weren't alone. Oh, sometimes I think that you're avoiding me. I'm okay alone but you've got something I need. Well, I got a brand new pair of roller skates. You got a brand new key. I think that we should get together. And try them out, you see. La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la. La, la, la, la, la, la. Oh, I got a brand new pair of roller skates. You got a brand new keyWhat'll you do when you get lonely. And nobody's waitin' by your side?. You've been runnin' an' hidin' much too long. You know it's just your foolish pride. Layla, you've got me on my knees. Layla, I'm beggin', darlin' please. Layla, darlin', won't you ease my worried mind. I tried to give you consolation. When your own man had let you down. Like a fool, I fell in love with you. Turned my whole world, upside down. Layla, you've got me on my knees. Layla, I'm beggin', darlin' please. Layla, darlin', won't you ease my worried mind. Let's make the best of the situation. Before I finally go insane. Please, don't say, we'll never find a way. An' tell me all my love's in vain. Layla, you've got me on my knees. Layla, I'm beggin', darlin' please. Layla, darlin', won't you ease my worried mind. Layla, you've got me on my knees. Layla, I'm beggin', darlin' please. Layla, darlin', won't you ease my worried mindAnd they called it puppy love. Oh, I guess they'll never know. How a young heart really feels. And why I love her so. And they called it puppy love. Just because we're in our teens. Tell them all, please tell them it isn't fair. To take away my only dream. I cry each night my tears for you. My tears are all in vain. I'll hope and I'll pray that maybe someday. You'll be back in my arms once again. Someone help me, help me, help me please. Is the answer up above. How can I, how can I tell them?. This is not a puppy love. Someone help me, help me please. Is the answer up above. How can I, how can I tell them?. This is not a puppy love. This is not a puppy love. This is not a puppy loveSaturday night I was downtown. Working for the F.B.I.. Sitting in a nest of bad men. Whiskey bottles piling high. Bootlegging boozer on the west side. Full of people who are doing wrong. Just about to call up the DA man. When I heard this woman sing a song. A pair of 45s made me open my eyes. My temperature started to rise. She was a Long Cool Woman In A Black Dress. Just-a 5'9, beautiful, tall. With just one look I was a bad mess. 'Cause that long cool woman had it all. I saw her heading to the table. Like a tall walking big black cat. When Charlie said I hope that you're able boy. 'Cause I'm telling you she knows where it's at. Then suddenly we heard the sirens. And everybody started to run. A-jumping out of doors and tables. When I heard somebody shooting a gun. Well the DA was pumping my left hand. And a-she was a-holding my right. Well I told her don't get scared. 'Cause you're gonna be spared. I've gotta be forgiving if I wanna spend my living. With a Long Cool Woman In A Black Dress. Just a 5'9 beautiful tall. Yeah, with just one look I was a bad mess. 'Cause that long cool woman had it all. Had it all.Well we got no choice. All you girls and boys. Makin' all that noise. 'Cause they found new toys. Well we can't salute you. Can't find a flag. If that don't suit you. That's a drag. School's out for summer. School's out forever. School's been blown to pieces. No more pencils. No more books. No more teacher's. Dirty looks. Well we got no class. And we got no principals. And we got no intelligence. We can't even think of a word that rhymes. School's out for summer. School's out forever. School's been blown to pieces. No more pencils. No more books. No more teacher's. Dirty looks. Out for summer. Out till fall. We might not come. Back at all. School's out for summer. School's out forever. School's been blown to pieces. School's out completelyNorth side, east side. Little Willy, Willy wears the crown, he's the king around town. Dancing and glancing. Willy drives them silly with his star shoe shimmy shuffle down. Way past one and feeling alright. 'Cause with little Willy 'round they can last all night. Hey down, stay down, stay down down. 'Cause little Willy, Willy won't go home. But you can't push Willy 'round. Willy won't go, try tellin' everybody but, oh no. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. Up town, down town. Little Willy, Willy drives them wild with his run-around style. Inside, outside. Willy sends them silly with his star-shine shimmy shuffle smile. Mama done chase Willy down through the hall. But laugh, Willy laugh, he don't care at all. Hey down, stay down, stay down down. 'Cause little Willy, Willy won't go home. But you can't push Willy 'round. Willy won't go, try tellin' everybody but, oh no. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. Little Willy, Willy won't. Willy won't, Willy won't. Little Willy, Willy won't. Willy won't, Willy won't. Little Willy, Willy won't. Willy won't, Willy won't. Little Willy, Willy won't. Willy won't, Willy won't. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. But you can't push Willy 'round. Willy won't go, try tellin' everybody but, oh no. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. But you can't push Willy 'round. Willy won't go, try tellin' everybody but, oh no. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. Little Willy, Willy won't go home. But you can't push Willy 'round. Willy won't go, try tellin' everybody but, oh noBa na na na... Hey! Ba na na.. Ba na na na... Hey! Ba na na.. Ba na na na... Hey! Ba na na.. . Chakachaka chakachaka chaka... (fans scream here: "Go team!" substituting. whichever team they are rooting for). Repeat foreverShe packed my bags last night pre flight. Zero hour nine a.m.. And I'm gonna be high, as a kite by then. I miss the earth so much, I miss my wife. It's lonely out in space. On such a timeless flight. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. Till touch down brings me round again to find. I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh no, no, no, I'm a rocket man. Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. Till touch down brings me round again to find. I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh no, no, no, I'm a rocket man. Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone. Mars ain't the kind of place to raise your kids. In fact it's cold as Hell. And there's no one there to raise them if you didn't. And all this science, I don't understand. It's just my job, five days a week. A rocket man, a rocket man. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. Till touch down brings me round again to find. I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh no, no, no, I'm a rocket man. Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. Till touch down brings me round again to find. I'm not the man they think I am at home. Oh no, no, no, I'm a rocket man. Rocket man burning out his fuse up here alone. Now, I think it's gonna be a long long time. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. And I think it's gonna be a long long time. ...Lord Almighty. I feel my temperature rising. Higher, higher. It's burning through to my soul. Girl, girl, girl, girl. You gonna set me on fire. My brain is flaming. And I don't know which way to go, yeah. Your kisses lift me higher. Like the sweet song of a choir. And you light my morning sky. With burning love. (Burning love). Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. I feel my temperature rising. Hey, won't you help me?. It must be a hundred and nine. Burning, burning, burning. And nothing can cool me, cool me, cool me. I just might turn into smoke. But I feel fine, ooh. 'Cause your kisses lift me higher. Oh, like a sweet song of a choir. And you light my morning sky. With burning love. (Burning love). Burning love. (Burning love). It's coming closer. The flames are reaching my body. Please won't you help me?. I feel like I'm slipping away. It's hard to breath. And my chest is heating, yeah. Lord Almighty. I'm burning a hole where I lay. 'Cause your kisses lift me higher. Like the sweet song of a choir. And you light my morning sky. With burning love. (Burning love). With burning love. (Burning love). With burning love. (Burning love). With burning love. (Burning love). With burning love. (Burning love). With burning love. (Burning love). I'm just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. I'm just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. Just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. Just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. I'm just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. Just a hunk, a hunk of burning love. I'm just a hunk, a hunkNANAI remember finding out about you. Everyday my mind is all around you. . Looking out of my lonely gloom. Day after day. Bring it home maybe make it soon. I give my love to you. . I remember holding you while you sleep. Everyday I feel the tears that you weep. . Looking out of my lonely gloom. Day after day. Bring it home maybe make it soon. I give my love to you. . Looking out of my lonely gloom. Day after day. Bring it home maybe make it soon. I give my love to you. . I remember finding out about you. Everyday my mind is all around you. . Looking out of my lonely gloom. Day after day. Bring it home maybe make it soon. I give my love to youThere's a port on a western bay. And it serves a hundred ships a day. Lonely sailors pass the time away. And talk about their homes. And there's a girl in this harbor town. And she works laying whiskey down. They say, "Brandy, fetch another round". She serves them whiskey and wine. The sailors say, "Brandy, you're a fine girl". What a good wife you would be. Yeah your eyes could steal. A sailor from the sea". Brandy wears a braided chain. Made of finest silver from the North of Spain. A locket that bears the name. Of the man that Brandy loves. He came on a summer's day. Bringing gifts from far away. But he made it clear he couldn't stay. No harbor was his home. The sailor said, "Brandy, you're a fine girl. What a good wife you would be. But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea". Yeah, Brandy used to watch his eyes. When he told his sailor stories. She could feel the ocean foam rise. She saw its raging glory. But he had always told the truth. Lord, he was an honest man. And Brandy does her best to understand. At night when the bar's close down. Brandy walks through a silent town. And loves a man who's not around. She still can hear him say. She hears him say, "Brandy, you're a fine girl. What a good wife you would be. But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea". "Brandy, you're a fine girl. "What a good wife you would be. But my life, my lover, my lady is the sea"Women think I'm tasty. But they're always tryin' to waste me. Make me burn the candle right down. Baby, baby. I don't need no jewels in my crown. 'Cause all you women is low down gamblers. Cheatin' like, I don't know how. Baby, baby, there's fever in the funk house now. This low down bitchin' got my poor feet a itchin'. You know you know the deuce is still wild. Baby, I can't stay, you got to roll me. And call me the tumblin' dice. Always in a hurry, I never stop to worry. Don't you see the time flashin' by?. Honey, got no money, I'm all sixes and sevens and nines. Say now, baby, I'm the rank outsider. You can be my partner in crime. Baby, I can't stay. You got to roll me and call me the tumblin'. Roll me and call me the tumblin' dice. Oh, my, my, my, I'm the lone crap shooter. Playin' the field every night. Baby, can't stay. You got to roll me and call me the tumblin' dice. Roll me and call me the tumblin' dice. Got to roll me, got to roll me, got to roll me. Got to roll me. got to roll me, got to roll me. Got to roll me. got to roll me, got to roll me. ...Morning has broken like the first morning. Blackbird has spoken like the first bird. Praise for the singing, praise for the morning. Praise for them springing fresh from the word. Sweet the rain's new fall sunlit from heaven. Like the first dewfall on the first grass. Praise for the sweetness of the wet garden. Sprung in completeness where His feet pass. Mine is the sunlight, mine is the morning. Born of the one light, Eden saw play. Praise with elation, praise every morning. God's recreation of the new day. Morning has broken like the first morning. Blackbird has spoken like the first bird. Praise for the singing, praise for the morning. Praise for them springing fresh from the word- words by David Arkin, music by Earl Robinson, © 1956. The ink is black, the page is white. Together we learn to read and write. A child is black, a child is white. The whole world looks upon the sight, a beautiful sight. And now a child can understand. That this is the law of all the land, all the land. The world is black, the world is white. It turns by day and then by night. A child is black, a child is white. Together they grow to see the light, to see the light. And now at last we plainly see. We'll have a dance of Liberty, Liberty!. The world is black, the world is white. It turns by day and then by night. A child is black, a child is white. The whole world looks upon the sight, a beautiful sight. The world is black, the world is white. It turns by day and then by night. A child is black, a child is white. Together they grow to see the light, to see the light. The world is black, the world is white. It turns by day and then by night. A child is black, a child is white. The whole world looks upon the sight, a beautiful sight. The world is black, the world is white. It turns by day and then by night. A child is black, a child is white. Together they grow to see the light, to see the light. C'mon, get it, get it. Ohh-ohhhh, yeah, yeah. Keep it up now, around the world. Little boys and little girls. Yeah, yeah-eah, oh-ohhhMouldy old dough. Mouldy old dough. Mouldy old dough. Mouldy old doughNAI went to a Garden party. To reminisce with my old friends. A chance to share old memories. And play our songs again. When I got to the Garden party. They all knew my name. No one recognized me. I didn't look the same. But it's, all right now. I learned my lesson well. You see ya can't please everyone. So ya got to please yourself. People came from miles around. Everyone was there. Yoko brought her Walrus. There was magic in the air. An over in the corner. Much to my surprise. Mr. Hughes hid in Dylan's shoes. Wearing his disguise. But it's, all right now. I learned my lesson well. You see ya can't please everyone. So ya got to please yourself. lott-in-dah-dah-dah, lot-in-dah-dah-dah. Played them all the old songs. Thought that's why they came. No one heard the music. We didn't look the same. I said hello to Mary Lou. She belongs to me. When I sang a song about a honky-tonk. It was time to leave. But it's, all right now. I learned my lesson well. You see ya can't please everyone. So ya got to please yourself. lot-dah-dah-dah (lot-dah-dah-dah). lot-in-dah-dah-dah. Someone opened up a closet door. And out stepped Johnny B. Goode. Playing guitar like a-ringin' a bell. And lookin' like he should. If you gotta play at Garden parties. I wish you a lot of luck. But if memories were all I sang. I rather drive a truck. But it's, all right now. I learned my lesson well. You see ya can't please everyone. So ya got to please yourself. lot-dah-dah-dah (lot-dah-dah-dah). lot-in-dah-dah-dah. And it's, all right now (yeah). Learned my lesson well. You see, ya can't please everyone. So you got to please yourselfLed Zeppelin. Led Zeppelin 4 (Untitled). Black Dog. Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move. Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove.. Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing. Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting.. Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way. Watch your honey drip, can't keep away.. . *Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah., Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah.. . I gotta roll, can't stand still,. Got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill,. Eyes that shine burning red,. Dreams of you all thru my head.. Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah.. . Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby,. Tell me what you do me now.. (Repeat) . Didn't take too long 'fore I found out. What people mean my down and out.. Spent my money, took my car,. Started tellin' her friends she wants to be a star.. I don't know but I been told. A big legged woman ain't got no soul.. . * Chorus . All I ask for when I pray,. Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way.. Need a woman gonna hold my hand. And tell me no lies, make me a happy man.Precious And Few. Precious and few are the moments we two can share. Quiet and blue like the sky I'm hung over you. And if I can't find my way back home. It just wouldn't be fair. Precious and few are the moments we two can share. Baby, it's you on my mind, your love is so rare. Being with you is a feeling I just can't compare. And if I can't hold you in my arms. It just wouldn't be fair. 'Cause precious and few are the moments we two can share. And if I can't find my way back home. Oh, it just wouldn't be fair. 'Cause precious and few are the moments we two can share. Precious and few are the moments we two can share. Lying in blue like the sky I'm hung over you. And if I can't find my way back home. It just wouldn't be fair. 'Cause precious and few are the moments we two can shareYou sheltered me from harm. Kept me warm, kept me warm. You gave my life to me. Set me free, set me free. The finest years I ever knew. Were all the years I had with you. And I would give anything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. You taught me how to love. What's of, what its of. You never said too much. But still you showed the way. And I knew, from watching you. Nobody else could ever know. The part of me that can't let go. And I would give anything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. Is there someone you know. You're loving them so. But taking them all for granted. You may lose them one day. Someone takes them away. And they don't hear the words you long to say. I would give anything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. Just to touch you once againSaturday in the park. I think, it was the fourth of July. Saturday in the park. I think, it was the fourth of July. People dancing, people laughing. A man selling ice cream. Singing Italian songs. [Foreign content]. Can you dig it? Yes, I can. And I've been waiting such a long time. For Saturday. Another day in the park. I think, it was the fourth of July. Another day in the park. I think, it was the fourth of July. People talking, really smiling. A man playing Guitar. And singing for us all. Will you help him change the world. Can you dig it? Yes, I can. And I've been waiting such a long time. For today. Slow motion riders, fly the colors of the day. A bronze man, still can tell stories his own way. Listen children all is not lost. All is not lost, oh no, no. Funny days in the park. And every day is the fourth of July. Funny days in the park. And every day is the fourth of July. People reaching, people touching. A real celebration. Waiting for us all. If we want it, really want it. Can you dig it? Yes, I can. And I've been waiting such a long time. For the dayI don't want to drink my whisky like you do,. I don't need to spend my money but still do.. Don't stop now, now come on,. another drop now, now come on,. I wanna love now, now come on,. that's why, that's whyyyy,. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. Whooo!. You told me, a full fire water won't hurt me,. and you teach me, and all my ladies desert me,. don't stop now, now come on,. another drop now, now come on,. I wanna love now, so come on,. that's why, thats whyyyy.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. Stop it!. I don't want to, drink my whisky but still do.. I've had enough to, fill a batty old sad shoe.. Don't stop now, now come on.. Another drop now, now come on.. I wanna love now, so come on.. That's why, that's whyyyy,. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamama we're all crazy now.. I said mamamamamamamamama yeah!. I said mamamamamamamamama, yeah!. I said mamamamamamamamamw yeah!. I said mamamamamamamamama yeah!. Come on, come on!. I said mamamamamamamamama yeah!. Come on, come on come on!It was late last night. I was feeling something wasn't right. There was not another soul in sight. Only you, only you. . So we walked along. Though I knew there was something wrong. And the feeling hit me, oh, so strong. About you. . Then you gazed up at me. And the answer was plain to see. 'Cause I saw the light in your eyes. In your eyes. . Though we had our fling. I just never would suspect a thing. Till that little bell began to ring in my head. In my head, in my head. . But I tried to run. Though I knew it wouldn't help me none. 'Cause I couldn't ever love no one. Or so I said. . But my feelings for you. Were just something I never knew. Till I saw the light in your eyes. In your eyes. . But I love you best. It's not something that I say in jest. 'Cause you're different girl from all the rest. In my eyes. . And I ran out before. But I won't do it anymore. Can't you see the light in my eyes. In my eyes, in my eyes, in my eyesWho draws the crowd and plays so loud, baby it's the guitar man. Who's gonna steal the show, you know baby it's the guitar man. He can make you love, he can make you cry. He will bring you down then he'll get you high. Somethin' keeps him goin' miles and miles a day. To find another place to play.. . Night after night who treats you right, baby it's the guitar man. Who's on the radio, you go listen to the guitar man. Then he comes to town and you see his face. And you think you might like to take his place. Somethin' keeps him driftin' miles and miles away. Searchin' for the songs to play.. . Then you listen to the music and you like to sing along. You want to get the meaning out of each and every song. Then you find yourself a message and some words. To call your own and take them home.. . He can make you love, he can get you high. He will bring you down then he'll make you cry. Somethin' keeps him movin' but no one seems to know. What it is that makes him go.. . Then the lights begin to flicker and the sound is getting dim. The voice begins to falter and the crowds are getting thin. But he never seems to notice he's just got to find. Another place to play,  Anyway  Got to play, anyway  Got to play.Well I'm a runnin' down the road. Tryin' to loosen my load. I've got seven women on my mind. Four that wanna own me. Two that wanna stone me. One says she's a friend of mine. Take it easy, take it easy. Don't let the sound of your own wheels. Drive you crazy. Lighten up while you still can. Don't even try to understand. Just find a place to make your stand. And take it easy. Well, I'm a standin' on a corner. In Winslow, Arizona. Such a fine sight to see. It's a girl my Lord in a flat-bed Ford. Slowin' down to take a look at me. Come on, baby, don't say maybe. I gotta know if your sweet love. Is gonna save me. We may lose and we may win. Though we will never be here again. So open up I'm climbin' in. So take it easy. Well, I'm a runnin' down the road. Tryin' to loosen my load. Got a world of trouble on my mind. Lookin' for a lover. Who won't blow my cover. She's so hard to find. Take it easy, take it easy. Don't let the sound of your own wheels. Make you crazy. Come on baby, don't say maybe. I gotta know if your sweet love. Is gonna save me. Oh we got it easy. We oughta take it easyI'll be the roundabout. The words will make you out an' out. You spend the day your way. Call it morning driving. Through the south. In an' out the valley. The music, dance and sing. They make the children really ring. I spend the day your way. Call it morning driving. Through the south. In an' out the valley. In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky. And they stand there. One mile over we'll be there. And we'll see you. Ten true summers we'll be back. And laughing too. Twenty four before my love. You'll see, I'll be there with you. I will remember you. Your silhouette will charge the view. Of distant atmosphere. Call it morning driving. Through the south. Even in the valley. In and around the lake, woh. Mountains come out of the sky. And they stand there. One mile over we'll be there. And we'll see you. Come again. Ten true summers we'll be back. And laughing too, oh, oh. Twenty four before my love. You'll see I'll be there with you. Along the drifting cloud. The eagle searching down on the land. Catching the swirling wind. The sailor sees the rim of the land. The eagles dancing wings. Create as weather spins out of hand. Go closer hold the land. Feel partly no more than grains of sand. We stand to lose all time. A thousand answers by in our hand. Next to your deeper fears. We stand surrounded by a million years. I'll be the roundabout. The words will make you out an' out. I'll be the roundabout. The words will make you out an' out. In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky. And they stand there. Twenty four before my love. I'll be there. (Feels like). I'll be the roundabout. The words will make you out an' out. You spend the day your way. Call it morning driving. Through the south. In and out the valley. In and around the lake. Mountains come out of the sky. And they stand there. One mile over we'll be there. And we'll see you. Ten true summers we'll be back. And laughing too. Twenty four before my love. You'll see I'll be there with you. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na, na. There with you na, na. {Thank you. Thank you very much. Take care of you}You know I'll beg steal or borrow. I bring you love. I look at you and I see what I've been looking for. Now it's very clear to me we should be together. You make me feel I could reach for the impossible. And knowing how much you care, I'll be there forever. You know I'll beg, steal or borrow to give you sunny days. And in a hundred ways I'll bring you love. You know I beg steal or borrow. (Yes, I will). to make your garden grow. And most of all you know, I bring you love love love. I always knew that the world would be a finer place. So what if I have to wait, better late than never. You you're like me, and you believe love makes it all worthwhile. And although we've just begun, we'll go on forever. You know I'll beg, steal or borrow to give you sunny days. And in a hundred ways I'll bring you love love, yeah. Love, love, loveIn the jungle, the mighty jungle. The lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle the quiet jungle. The lion sleeps tonight. Near the village the peaceful village. The lion sleeps tonight. Near the village the quiet village. The lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling don't fear my darling. The lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling don't fear my darling. The lion sleeps tonightI had nothing to do on this hot afternoon. But to settle down and write you a line. I've been meaning to phone you, but from Minnesota. Hell it's been a very long time. . You wear it well. A little old fashioned but that's all right. . Well, I suppose you're thinking I bet he's sinking. Or he wouldn't get in touch with me. Oh, I ain't begging or losing my head. I sure do want you to know. . That you wear it well. There ain't a lady in the land so fine, oh my. . Remember them basement parties, your brother's karate. The all day rock 'n' roll shows. Their homesick blues and the radical views. Haven't left a mark on you. . You wear it well. A little out of time but I don't mind. . But I ain't forgetting that you were once mine. But I blew it without even tryin'. Now I'm eatin' my heart out. Tryin' to get a letter through. . Since you've been gone it's hard to carry on. I'm gonna write about the birthday gown that I bought in town. When you sat down and cried on the stairs. You knew it didn't cost the earth, but for what it's worth. You made me feel a millionaire. . And you wear it well. Madame Onassis got nothing on you, no, no. . Anyway, my coffee's cold and I'm getting told. That I gotta get back to work. So when the sun goes low and you're home all alone. Think of me and try not to laugh. . And I wear it well. I don't object if you call Collect. . 'Cos I ain't forgetting that you were once mine. But I blew it without even tryin'. Now I'm eatin' my heart out. Tryin' to get back to you. . I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you. Oh, yeah. . After all the years I hope it's the same address. Since you've been gone it's hard to carry on, oh no, oh noSweet child in time. You'll see the line. The line that's drawn between. Good and bad. See the blind man. Shooting at the world. Bullets flying. Ohh taking toll. If you've been bad. Oh Lord I bet you have. And you've not been hit. Oh by flying lead. You'd better close your eyes. Ooohhhh bow your head. Wait for the ricochet. I wanna hear you sing. Sweet child in time. You'll see the line. The line that's drawn between. Good and bad. See the blind man. Shooting at the world. Bullets flying. Ohh taking toll. If you've been bad. Oh Lord I bet you have. And you've not been hit. Oh by flying lead. You'd better close your eyes. Ooohhhh bow your head. Wait for the ricochet. I gotta hear you screaming. Oh God, no. They gonna shoot me...Angie, Angie. When will those clouds all disappear?. Angie, Angie. Where will it lead us from here?. With no loving in our souls. And no money in our coats. You can't say we're satisfied. But, Angie, Angie. You can't say we never tried. Angie, you're beautiful, yeah. But ain't it time we said goodbye?. Angie,. I still love you. Remember all those nights we cried?. All the dreams we held so close. Seemed to all go up in smoke. Let me whisper in your ear. Angie, Angie. Where will it lead us from here?. Oh, Angie, don't you weep. All your kisses still taste sweet. I hate that sadness in your eyes. But, Angie, Angie. Ain't it time we said goodbye, yeah?. With no loving in our souls. And no money in our coats. You can't say we're satisfied. But, Angie, I still love you, baby. Everywhere I look, I see your eyes. There ain't a woman that comes close to you. Come on, baby, dry your eyes. But, Angie, Angie. Ain't it good to be alive?. Angie, Angie. They can't say we never triedI remember when rock was young. Me and Suzie had so much fun. Holding hands and skimming stones. Had an old gold Chevy and a place of my own. But the biggest kick I ever got. Was doing a thing called the Crocodile Rock. While the other kids were rocking round the clock. We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock. Well 'Crocodile Rocking' is something shocking. When your feet just can't keep still. I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights. When Suzie wore her dresses tight. And the 'Crocodile Rocking' was out of the sight. La, la la la. La la la. La la la. But the years went by and the rock just died. Suzie went and left us for some foreign guy. Long nights crying by the record machine. Dreaming of my Chevy and my old blue jeans. But they'll never kill the thrills we've got. Burning up to the Crocodile Rock. Learning fast as the weeks went past. We really thought the Crocodile Rock would last. Well 'Crocodile Rocking' is something shocking. When your feet just can't keep still. I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights. When Suzie wore her dresses tight. And the 'Crocodile Rocking' was out of the sight. La, la la la. La la la. La la la. I remember when rock was young. Me and Suzie had so much fun. Holding hands and skimming stones. Had an old gold Chevy and a place of my own. But the biggest kick I ever got. Was doing a thing called the Crocodile Rock. While the other kids were rocking round the clock. We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock. Well 'Crocodile Rocking' is something shocking. When your feet just can't keep still. I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. Oh Lawdy Mama those Friday nights. When Suzie wore her dresses tight. And the 'Crocodile Rocking' was out of the sight. La, la la la. La la la. La la la. ...When I saw you standing there. I'bout fell off my chair. And when you moved your mouth to speak. I felt the blood go to my feet. Now, it took time for me to know. What you tried so not to show. Something in my soul just cried. I see the want in your blue eyes. Baby, I'd love you to want me. The way that I want you. The way that it should be. Mmm, baby, you'd love me to want you. The way that I want to. If you'd only let it be. You told yourself years ago. You'd never let your feelings show. The obligation that you made. For the title that they gave. Baby, I'd love you to want me. The way that I want you. The way that it should be. Mmm, baby, you'd love me to want you. The way that I want to. If you'd only let it be. Now, it took time for me to know. What you tried so not to show. Something in my soul just cried. I see the want in your blue eyes. Baby, I'd love you to want me. The way that I want you. The way that it should be. Mmm, baby, you'd love me to want you. The way that I want to. If you'd only let it be. Oh baby, I'd love you to want me. The way that I want you. The way that it should be. Mmm, baby, you'd love me to want you. The way that I want to. If you'd only let it beAre you ready Steve? Uh-huh. Andy? Yeah. Mick? Okay. Alright fellas - let's go!. Oh it's been getting so hard. Living with the things you do to me. My dreams are getting so strange. I'd like to tell you everything I see. Oh, I see a man in the back as a matter of fact. His eyes were as red as the sun. And the girl in the corner that no one ignores. Cause she thinks she's the passionate one. Oh Yeah! It was like lightning. Everybody was frightening. And the music was soothing. And they all started grooving. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah-Yeah-Yeah. And the man in the back said everyone attack. And it turned into a ballroom blitz. And the girl in the corner said boy I want to warn you. It'll turn into a ballroom blitz. Ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz, ballroom blitz. Oh reaching out for something. Touching nothing's all I ever do. Oh I softly call you over. When you appear there's nothing left of you. And the man in the back is ready to crack. As he raises his hands to the sky. And the girl in the corner is everyone's mourner. She could kill you with a wink of her eye. Oh Yeah! It was electric. So frantically hectic. And the band started leaving. Cause they all stopped breathing. Oh Yeah! It was like lightning. Everybody was frightening. And the music was soothing. And they all started grooving. It's it's a ballroom blitz. It's it's a ballroom blitz. It's it's a ballroom blitz. Yeah, it's a ballroom blitzWhen are you gonna come down?. When are you going to land?. I should have stayed on the farm. I should have listened to my old man. You know you can't hold me forever. I didn't sign up with you. I'm not a present for your friends to open. This boy's too young to be singing the blues. So goodbye yellow brick road. Where the dogs of society howl. You can't plant me in your penthouse. I'm going back to my plough. Back to the howling old owl in the woods. Hunting the horny back toad. Oh, I've finally decided my future lies. Beyond the yellow brick road. What do you think you'll do then?. I bet that'll shoot down your plane. It'll take you a couple of vodka and tonics. To set you on your feet again. Maybe you'll get a replacement. There's plenty like me to be found. Mongrels who ain't got a penny. Sniffing for tidbits like you on the ground. So goodbye yellow brick road. Where the dogs of society howl. You can't plant me in your penthouse. I'm going back to my plough. Back to the howling old owl in the woods. Hunting the horny back toad. Oh I've finally decided my future lies. Beyond the yellow brick roadEvery time I see your face. It reminds me of the places we used to go. But all I've got is a photograph. And I realize you're not coming back anymore. I thought I'd make it the day you went away. But I can't make it 'til you come home again to stay. I can't get used to living here. While my heart is broke, my tears I cry for you. I want you here to have and hold. As the years go by, and we grow old and grey. Now you're expecting me to live without you. But that's not something that I'm looking forward to. I can't get used to living here. While my heart is broke, my tears I cry for you. I want you here to have and hold. As the years go by, and we grow old and grey. Every time I see your face. It reminds me of the places we used to go. But all I've got is a photograph. And I realize you're not coming back anymore. Every time I see your face. It reminds me of the places we used to go. All I've got is a photograph. And I realize you're not coming back anymore. Every time I see your face. It reminds me of the places we used to go. But all I've got is a photographCan the Can. (Chinn/Chapman). . Well you call your mama tiger. And we all know you are lying. And your boyfriend's name is eagle. And he lives up in the sky (High, high). Watch out the tiger don't go claw the eagle's eye. But let the eagle take the tiger by surprise. (Scratch out her eyes). Refrain:. So make a stand for your man, honey. Try to can the can. Put your man in the can, honey. Get him while you can. Can the can. Can the can. If you can. Well can the can. Well your sister's got the feline touch. She touches up your mind. And your eagle lover likes his little bit of evil. Loving all the time. Don't let the cat get into the eagle's nest at night. Because the eagle could say 'yes' without a fight. (Scratch out her eyes). Refrain:. So make a stand for your man, honey. Try to can the can. Put your man in the can, honey. Get him while you can. Can the can. Can the can. If you can. Well can the can. Ooh can the can. (Can the can honey). Ooh can the can. (Can the can honey). Uhh huh can the can. (Can the can honey). Ooh can the can. (Can the can honey). Can the can. (Can the can honey). Ooh can the can. (Can the can honey). Ah honey,. Honey. Honey. Honey, honey, honey. Make a stand for your man honey. Try to can the can. Put your man in the can honey. Get him while you can. Can the can. Can the can. If you can. Make a stand for your man honey. Try to can the can. Put your man in the can honey. Get him while you can. Can the can. Can the can. If you canAah-aah, aah-aah. You better beware, you better take care. You better watch out if you've got long black hair. He'll come from behind, you'll go out of your mind. You'd better not go, you'd never know what you'll find. Aah-aah, aah-aah. You look in his eyes, don't be surprised. If you don't know what's going on behind his disguise. Nobody knows where Buster goes. He'll steal your woman out from under your nose. Does anyone know the way? Did we hear someone say. We just haven't got a clue what to do. Does anyone know the way? There's got to be a way. To block Buster. The cops are out, they're running about. Don't know if they'll ever be able to block Buster out. He's gotta be caught, he's gotta be taught. 'Cause he's more evil than anyone here ever thought. Does anyone know the way? Did we hear someone say. We just haven't got a clue - ow!. Does anyone know the way? There's got to be a way. To block Buster. Does anyone know the way? Did we hear someone say. We just haven't got a clue what to do. Does anyone know the way? There's got to be a way. To block Buster. Aah-aah, aah-aah. Aah-aah, aah-aah. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block Buster. Buster, Buster, block BusterDaniel is traveling tonight on a plane. I can see the red tail lights heading for Spain. Oh, and I can see Daniel waving goodbye. God, it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eyes. They say Spain is pretty though I've never been. And Daniel says it's the best place that he's ever seen. Oh, and he should know, he's been there enough. God, I miss Daniel, oh I miss him so much, oh. Daniel my brother you are older than me. Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal?. Your eyes have died but you see more than I. Daniel you're a star in the face of the sky. Oh, Daniel my brother you are older than me. Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal?. Your eyes have died but you see more than I. Daniel you're a star in the face of the sky. Daniel is traveling tonight on a plane. And I can see the red tail lights heading for Spain. Oh, and I can see Daniel waving goodbye. God, it looks like Daniel must be the clouds in my eyes. Oh God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eyesWe all came out to Montreux. On the Lake Geneva shoreline. To make records with a mobile. We didn't have much time. Frank Zappa and the Mothers. Were at the best place around. But some stupid with a flare gun. Burned the place to the ground. Smoke on the water. A fire in the sky. Smoke on the water. They burned down the gambling house. It died with an awful sound. Funky Claude was running in and out. He was pulling kids out the ground. When it all was over. We had to find another place. Swiss time was running out. It seemed that we would lose the race, now. Smoke on the water. A fire in the sky. Smoke on the water. (guitar solo). Smoke on the water. A fire in the sky. Smoke on the waterGround control to major tom. Ground control to major tom. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on. . Ground control to major tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Check ignition and may god's love be with you. . Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five,. Four, three, two, one, liftoff. . This is ground control to major tom. You've really made the grade. And the papers want to know whose shirts you wear. Now it's time to leave the capsule if you dare. . "this is major tom to ground control. I'm stepping through the door. And i'm floating in a most peculiar way. And the stars look very different today. . For here. Am i sitting in a tin can. Far above the world. Planet earth is blue. And there's nothing i can do. . Though i'm past one hundred thousand miles. I'm feeling very still. And i think my spaceship knows which way to go. Tell me wife i love her very much she knows". . Ground control to major tom. Your circuit's dead, there's something wrong. Can you hear me, major tom?. Can you hear me, major tom?. Can you hear me, major tom?. Can you..... . "here am i floating round my tin can. Far above the moon. Planet earth is blue. And there's nothing i can do."When you were young. And your heart. Was an open book. You used to say. Live and let live!. (You know you did, you know you did, you know you did). But if this ever changing world. In which we live in.. Makes you give in a cry. Say live and let die!. (Live and let die!). Live and let die!. (Live and let die!). What does it matter to ya?. When you got a job to do. You gotta do it well.. You got to give the other them a hand!. You used to say. Live and let live. (You know you did, you know you did, you know you did). But if this ever changing world. In which we live in. Makes you give in a cry. Say live and let die!. (Live and let die!). Live and let die!. (Live and let die!)NAWell you got the hands of a man and the face of a little boy blue-ue. And when you stand you're so grand there's a case just for looking at you-oo oo-oo. You're so young, you could have been the devil's son. You're so young, but like a hang up I'll be sad when you're old and you're gone. Watch Out!. You know the 48 Crash come like a lightning flash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). And the 48 Crash is a silk sash bash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). 48 Crash, 48 Crash. Come like a lightning flash, a lightning flash. And it's a silk sash bash, a silk sash bash, that's the 48 Crash. You've got the kind of a mind of a juvenile Romeo-o. And you're so blind you could find that your motor ain't ready to go-o-o. You're so young, you're a hot shot son of a gun. You're so young, but like a teenage tearaway soon you'll be torn and you'll run. Watch Out!. You know the 48 Crash come like a lightning flash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). And the 48 Crash is a silk sash bash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). 48 Crash, 48 Crash. Come like a lightning flash, a lightning flash. And it's a silk sash bash, a silk sash bash, that's the 48 Crash. Crash, Crash, 48 Crash (Crash). Crash, Crash, 48 Crash (Crash). Crash, Crash, 48 Crash (Crash). Crash, Crash, AAAGH!. You know the 48 Crash come like a lightning flash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). And the 48 Crash is a silk sash bash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). 48 Crash, 48 Crash. Come like a lightning flash, a lightning flash. And it's a silk sash bash, a silk sash bash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). That's the 48 Crash (48 Crash, 48 Crash). 48 Crash, 48 Crash. 48 Crash, 48 Crash. 48 Crash, 48 Crash. 48 Crash, 48 Crash. 48 Crash, 48 CrashMoney. Get away. You get a good job with more pay and you're okay. Money. It's a gas. Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash. New car caviar four star daydream think I'll buy me a football team. Money. Well get back. I'm all right Jack keep your hands off of my stack. M-o-n-e-y. It's a hit. Don't give me that do goody good bullshit. I'm in the high fidelity first class travelling set and think I need a Lear jet. Money. It's a crime. Share it fairly but don't take a slice of my pie. M-o-n-e-y. So they say. Is the root of all evil today. But if you ask for a raise it's no surprise that they're giving none away. Away away way away away away away woo.... I was in the right yes absolutely. I certainly was in the right. That geezer was cruising for a bruising. Woo-woo.... Yeah. I don't know I was really drunk at the time. I was just telling him he couldn't get into number 2. He was asking why he wasn't coming up on freely?. After I was yelling and screaming and telling him why he wasn't coming up on freelyInstrumentalDown around the corner half a mile from here. See them long trains runnin' and you watch 'em disappear. Without love. Where would you be now?. (without love...). Know I saw Miss Lucy down along the tracks. She lost her home and her family and she won't be coming back. Without love. Where would you be right now?. (without love...). Well the Illinois Central and the Southern Central freight. Got to keep on pushin' mama. 'Cause you know they're runnin' late. Without love. Where would you be now-na-na now?. (without love...). Well the Illinois Central and the Southern Central freight. Got to keep on pushin' mama. 'Cause you know they're runnin' late. Without love. Where would you be now?. (without love...). Well pistons keep on churnin' and the wheels go 'round and 'round. And the steel rails lie cold and hard on the mountains they go down. Without love. Where would you be right now?. (without love...). Ooh.... Where would you be now?. Mmm... got to get you baby-baby. Won't you move it down?. Won't you move it down?. Baby-baby-baby-baby. Won't you move it down?. When the big train run. When the train I'm movin' on. I got to keep on movin' keep on movin'. Won't you keep on movin'?. Won't you keep on movin'?It's nine o'clock on a Saturday. the regular crowd shuffles in. There's an old man sitting next to me. Makin' love to his tonic and gin. He says Son can you play me a memory. I'm not really sure how it goes. But it's sad and it's sweet and I knew it complete. When I wore a younger man's clothes. La la da de de da. La la de de da da da. Sing us a song, you're the piano man. sing us a song tonight. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody. And you've got us feelin' alright. Now John at the bar is a friend of mine. He gets me my drinks for free. And he's quick with a joke or to light up your smoke. But there's someplace that he'd rather be. And the waitress is practicing politics. As the businessmen slowly get stoned. Yes, they're sharing a drink they call loneliness. But it's better than drinking alone. Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight.. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody. And you've got us feelin' alright. It's a pretty good crowd for a Saturday,. And the manager gives me a smile. 'Cause he knows that it's me they've been coming to see. To forget about life for awhile.. And the piano sounds like a carnival. And the microphone smells like a beer. And they sit at the bar and put bread in my jar. And say "Man, what are you doin' here?". La la da de de da. La la de de da da da. Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight.. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody. And you've got us feelin' alright.Ooh. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Ooh, my soul. Hey kid, boogie, too, did ya?. Hey, shout, summertime blues. Jump up and down in my blue suede shoes. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. And where do we go from here?. Which is a way that's clear?. Still looking for that blue jean baby queen. Prettiest girl I've ever seen. See her shake on the movie screen, Jimmy Dean. (James Dean). And where do we go from here?. Which is the way that's clear?. Still looking for that blue jean baby queen. Prettiest girl I ever seen. See her shake on the movie screen, Jimmy Dean. Jimmy Dean. Rock on. Rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock on. Rock on. Hey, kid, rock 'n' roll, rock onGeorge Harrison. Miscellaneous. Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth). . Give me love. Give me love. Give me peace on earth. Give me light. Give me life. Keep me free from birth. Give me hope. Help me cope, with this heavy load. Trying to, touch and reach you with,.      heart and soul. OM M M M M M M M M M M M M M.      M M M My Lord . . .. PLEASE take hold of my hand, that.      I might understand you. Won't you please. Oh won't you. Give me love. Give me love. Give me peace on earth. Give me light. Give me life. Keep me free from birth. Give me hope. Help me cope, with this heavy load. Trying to, touch and reach you with,.      heart and soul. OM M M M M M M M M M M M M M.      M M M My Lord . . .. PLEASE take hold of my hand, that. I might understand youNAWash away my troubles, wash away my pain. With the rain in Shambala. Wash away my sorrow, wash away my shame. With the rain in Shambala. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Everyone is helpful, everyone is kind. On the road to Shambala. Everyone is lucky, everyone is so kind. On the road to Shambala. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yea, yeah, yea, yeah, yeah. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, yeah. How does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. How does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. I can tell my sister by the flowers in her eyes. On the road to Shambala. I can tell my brother by the flowers in his eyes. On the road to Shambala. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. How does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. Tell me how does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. (Tell me how) How does your light shine. In the halls of Shambala. Ah, ooh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah, ooh, yeah. On the road to Shambala. Ah, ooh, yeah. Shambala, la. Ah, ooh, yeah. On the road to Shambala. You know how to skweeze me Oh Oh you know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know. when a girl's meaning yes, she says no.. You got rude talk you got one walk, all your jokes are blue. You've got long nails you tell tall tales, some you think are true. . [Chorus]. And there's nowhere to go you won't go. If there's nowhere to run you go slow. If you move up to me then I'll show you the way. Then you'll know how to skweeze me Oh Oh. you know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you'd might like to know. how to skweeze me Oh Oh. You know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know. when a girl's meaning yes, she says no.. . You got a sweet tongue you sing love songs,. Can't you learn to spell. take me back 'ome you got it all wrong. 'Cos we sing that as well. . [Chorus]. . You know how to skweeze me Oh Oh You know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know. How to skweeze me Oh Oh You know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know. when a girl's meaning yes, she says no.. . You know how to skweeze me Oh Oh You know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know. . How to skweeze me Oh Oh You know how to pleeze me Oh Oh. you're learnin' it easy Oh Oh. And I thought you might like to know.Hello it's me. I've thought about us for a long long time. Maybe I think too much but something's wrong. There's something here doesn't last too long. Maybe I shouldn't think of you as mine. Seeing you or seeing anything as much I do you. I take for granted that you're always there. I take for granted that you just don't care. Sometimes I can't help seeing all the way through. (it's important to me...). (that you know you are free...). 'Cause I never want to make you change for me.... Think of me you know that I'd be with you if I could. I'll come around to see you once in a while. Or if I ever need a reason to smile and spend the night if you think I should. (it's important to me...) Me.... (that you know you are free...) Free.... 'Cause I never want to make you change for me.... Think of me you... you know that I'd be with you if I could. I'll come around to see you once in a while. Or if I ever need a reason to smile and spend the night if you think I should. (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me think of me). (think of me)Mama, take this badge off o' me. I can't use it anymore. It's gettin' dark, too dark to see. I feel I'm knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Mama, put that gun to the ground. I can't shoot them anymore. There's a long black cloud is comin' down. I feel I'm knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's door. Knock, knock, knockin' on Heaven's doorYou ask, how much I need you?. Must I explain?. I need you, oh my darlin'. Like roses need rain. You ask, how long I'll love you?. I'll tell you true. Until 'The Twelfth of Never'. I'll still be lovin' you. Hold me close. Never let me go. Hold me close. Melt my heart like April snow. I'll love you 'til the bluebells forget to bloom. I'll love you 'til the clover has lost its perfume. I'll love you 'til the poets run outta rhyme. Until 'The Twelfth of Never'. And that's a long, long time. Until 'The Twelfth of Never'. And that's a long, long time. That's a long, long time. That's a long, long timeOut on the road for forty days. Last night in Little Rock put me in a haze. Sweet, doin' her act. She had the whole show and that's a natural fact. Up all night with. I got to tell you, poker's his thing. Booze and ladies keep me right. As long as we can make it to the show tonight. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're comin' to your town. We'll help you party it down. We're an American band. Four young chiquitas in Omaha. Waitin' for the band to return from the show. Feelin' good, feelin' right, it's Saturday night. The hotel detective, he was outta sight. Now these fine ladies, they had a plan. They was out to meet the boys in the band. They said, ["Come on, dudes. Let's get it on"]. And we proceeded to tear that hotel down. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're comin' to your town. We'll help you party it down. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're comin' to your town. We'll help you party it down. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're comin' to your town. We'll help you party it down. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're an American band. We're comin' to your town. We'll help you party it down. We're an American band. We're an American band, wooh. We're an American band, wooh. We're an American band, woohChinn/Chapman. Look out!. Mama let me out on a saturday night, she said now. Go out and get her go and hold her tight. I said now Mama, you don't understand. Ev'ry time I touch her hand. It's like I'm burning in the fires of hell. And if I hold her too long. You never can tell what'll happen to me. I wouldn't want you to see. Look out. She's a hell raiser, star chaser, trail blazer. Natural born raver, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She's a hell raiser, star chaser, trail blazer. Natural born raver, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look out!. She's like a live bomb shell. Like a flash out of hell. And when she's shaking her ooh. Everyone fell at her feet. And that's neat and she took me completely. By surprise with her ultra sonic eyes. That were flashing like hysterical danger signs. That said beware where you tread. Or you'll go out of your head. Look out. She's a hell raiser, star chaser, trail blazer. Natural born raver, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She's a hell raiser, star chaser, trail blazer. Natural born raver, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look out!. Hell raiser, hell raiser, hell raiser. Hell raiser, hell raiser, ooh. Now Mama, you don't understand. Ev'ry time I touch her hand. It's like I'm burning in the fires of hell. And if I hold her too long. You never can tell what'll happen to me. I wouldn't want you to see...Baby baby baby!. Ee-ow.... So you think I got an evil mind, well I'll tell you honey. And I don't know why. And I don't know why. So you think my singing's out of time, well it makes me money. And I don't know why. And I don't know why. Anymore. Oh no. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild,. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. At your door. So you say I got a funny face, I ain't got no worries. And I don't know why. And I don't know why. Say I'm a scruff bag well it's no disgrace, I ain't in no hurry. And I don't know why. I just don't know why. Anymore. Oh no. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild,. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. At your door. So you think we have a lazy time, well you should know better. And I don't know why. I just don't know why. And you say I got a dirty mind, well I'm a mean go getter. And I don't know why. And I don't know why. Anymore. Oh no. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild,. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. At your door. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild,. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wild,. We get wild, wild, wild,. So cum on feel the noize. Girls grab the boys. We get wild, wild, wildAre you hanging up a stocking on your wall. It's the time that every santa has a ball. Does he ride a red-nose reindeer. Does a ton-up on his sleigh. Do the fairies keep him sober for a day?. So here it is Merry Christmas. Everybody's having fun. Look to the future now. It's only just begun. Are you waiting for the family to arrive. Are you sure you've got the room to spare inside. Does your granny always tell you. That the old songs are the best. Then she's up and rock 'n' rolling with the rest. So here it is Merry Christmas. Everybody's having fun. Look to the future now. It's only just begun. What did your daddy do. When he saw your momma kissing Santa. Aaah ah aaah aahh. Are you hanging up a stocking on your wall. Are you hoping that the snow will start to fall. Do you ride on down the hillside. On a buggy you have made. When you land upon your head. And you've been 'Slade'. So here it is merry christmas. Everybody's having fun. Look to the future now. It's only just begun. So here it is merry christmas. Everybody's having fun. Look to the future now. It's only just begun. So here it is merry christmas. Everybody's having fun. (It's christmas!). Look to the future now. It's only just begunMarie Osmond. Miscellaneous. Paper Roses. I realise the ways you're eyes deceived me, with tender looks that I mistook for love, so take away the flowers that you gave me and send the kind that you remind me of. . CHORUS  Paper Roses, Paper Roses oh how real those roses seem to be, but there only immitation like you're immitation love for me. . I thought that you would be the perfect lover, you seemed so full of sweetness at the start, but like a big red rose that's made of paper there isn't any sweetness in your heart. . CHORUS  Paper Roses, Paper Roses oh how sweet those roses seem to be, but there only immitation, like you're immitation love for me.In the mornin' you go gunnin' for the man who stole your water. And you fire till he is done in but they catch you at the border. And the mourners are all singin' as they drag you by your feet. But the hangman isn't hangin' and they put you on the street. You go back, Jack do it again, wheel turnin' round and round. You go back, Jack do it again. When you know she's no high climber then you find your only friend. In a room with your two timer and you're sure you're near the end. Then you love a little wild one and she brings you only sorrow. All the time you know she's smilin' you'll be on your knees tomorrow. You go back, Jack do it again, wheel turnin' round and round. You go back, Jack do it again. Now you swear and kick and beg us that you're not a gamblin', man. Then you find you're back in Vegas with a handle in your hand. Your black cards can make you money so you hide them when you're able. In the land of milk and honey, you must put them on the table, yeah. You go back, Jack do it again, wheel turnin' round and round. You go back, Jack do it againNAMy friend Stan’s got a funny old man. Oh yeah, oh yeah. He makes him work all night 'til he can’t do it right. Oh yeah, aha. And from the way you blacked my eye,. I know that you’re the reason why. And from the way you fix his tie. I see you're gettin’ to him, gettin’ to him. . My friend Jack’s got an ache in his back. Oooooh oh yeah. The doc said he’d be fine if he’d just take his time. Ohh oh, ooh. And from the way you blacked my eye. I know that you’re the reason why. And from the way you fix his tie. I see you're gettin’ to him, you've been gettin’ to him - kinky!. . And from the way you blacked my eye. I know that you’re the reason why. And from the way you fix his tie. I see you're gettin’ to him, you've been gettin’ to him. . My friend Pete says his body is weak. Oh yeah, aha. He told me he can’t sleep and his temperature’s steep. Oh yeah, woho. And from the way you blacked my eye,. I know that you’re the reason why. And from the way you fix his tie. I see you're gettin’ to him, you've been gettin’ to him,. You've been gettin’ to him, you've been gettin’ to him. Oh yeah!. .Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Tryin' to make a livin' and doin' the best I can. And when it's time for leavin', I hope you'll understand. That I was born a ramblin' man. Well my father was a gambler down in Georgia. And he wound up on the wrong end of gun. And I was born in the back seat of a Greyhound bus. Rollin' down Highway 41. Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Tryin' to make a livin' and doin' the best I can. When it's time for leavin', I hope you'll understand. That I was born a ramblin' man. I'm on my way to New Orleans this mornin'. Leaving out of Nashville, Tennessee. They're always having a good time down on the bayou. Lord, and Delta women think the world of me. Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Tryin' to make a livin' and doin' the best I can. And when it's time for leavin', I hope you'll understand. That I was born a ramblin' man. Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Lord, I was born a ramblin' man. Lord, I was born a ramblin' manCliff Richard. Miscellaneous. Power To All Our Friends. Power to all our friends. To the music that never ends. To the people we want to be. Baby, power to you and me. . There's some old man. Spends his life growing flowers. Caring for the bees. Power to the bees. . There's some old lady. Spends her days making wine. The wine tasted fine. Power to the vine. . Power to the boys who played rock 'n' roll. And made my life so sweet. Power to the girls i knew before. And those i've yet to meet. . Power to all our friends. To the music that never ends. To the people we want to be. Baby, power to you and me. . There's one strong man. Ploughing in the valley. He's living off the land. Power to the land. . There's some young girl. Laying down in monte carlo. Laying in the sun. Power to the sun. . Power to the boys who played rock 'n' roll. And made my life so sweet. Power to the girls i knew before. And those i've yet to meet. . Power to all our friends. To the music that never ends. To the people we want to be. Baby, power to you and me. . Power to the boys who played rock 'n' roll. And made my life so sweet. Power to the girls i knew before. And those i've yet to meet. . Power to all our friends. To the music that never ends. To the people we want to be. Baby, power to you and me. . To the music that never ends. Baby, power to all our friendsWell, When I Met You At The Station. You Were Standing With A Bootleg In Your Hand.. I Took You Back To My Little Place. For A Taste Of A Multicoloured Band.. We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi,. The Night Is Young.. She'll Be My Funky Little Mama,. Gonna Rock It And We've Only Just Begun.. We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi. With The Music On.. Won't Say Bye-Bye Bye-Bye Bye-Bye Bye-Bye. 'Til The Night Is Gone.. I'm Gonna Do It To You, Gonna Do It,. Sweet Banana, You'll Never Give Up.. We're Gettin' Hi Hi Hi In The Midday Sun.. Well Well, Take Off Your Face,. Recover From The Trip You've Been On.. I Want To Lie On The Bed,. Get You Ready For My Polygon.. I'm Gonna Do It To You, Gonna Do It,. Sweet Banana, You've Never Been Done.. Yes, I Go Like A Rabbit, Gonna Grab It,. Gonna Do It 'Til The Night Is Done.. We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi With The Music On.. Won't Say Bye-Bye Bye-Bye Bye-Bye Bye-Bye. 'Til The Night Is Gone.. I'm Gonna Do It To You, Gonna Do It,. Sweet Banana, You'll Never Give Up.. We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi, We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi,. We're Gonna Get Hi Hi Hi In The Midday Sun.As I was goin' over the Cork and Kerry mountains. I saw Captain Farrell and his money, he was countin'. I first produced my pistol and then produced my rapier. I said stand or deliver or the devil he may take ya. Musha ring dum a doo dum a da. Wait for my daddy-o. Wait for my daddy-o. There's whiskey in the jar-o. I took all of his money and it was a pretty penny. I took all of his money and I brought it home to Molly. She swore that she'd love me, never would she leave me. But the devil take that woman for you know she tricked me easy. Musha ring dum a doo dum a da. Wait for my daddy-o. Wait for my daddy-o. There's whiskey in the jar-o. Being drunk and weary, I went to Molly's chamber. Takin' my Molly with me and I never knew the danger. For about six or maybe seven in walked Captain Farrell. I jumped up, fired off my pistols and I shot him with both barrels. Musha ring dum a doo dum a da. Wait for my daddy-o. Wait for my daddy-o. There's whiskey in the jar-o. Now some men like the fishin' and some men like the fowlin'. And some men like to hear a cannon ball a roarin'. Me I like sleepin' specially in my Molly's chamber. But here I am in prison, here I am with a ball and chain, yeah. Musha ring dum a doo dum a da. Wait for my daddy-o. Wait for my daddy-o. There's whiskey in the jar-o. And I've got drunk on whiskey over. And I loved I loved I loved. I loved I loved I loved my Molly. And she will [Incomprehensible]. Did I always love your town? I loved your townNAÔi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô poPÔ. Yôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô. poPÔ. Aaaah aaah aaah aaah. Uuuh oooh oooh ooooooooh. Ôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô poPÔ. Yôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô. BoumPÔ. Aaaah aaah aaah aaah. Uuuh oooh oooh ooooooooh. Tatrrrepôtetretrepiecôã-é-é-ô-hã-hén-Hén. Ôi trégueregué-dôi detêro deguedô. A tataro teguereguedaw. Teguereguedêro dêdow Ô-Éhr-Ôhr-Êhr-Êhr-Áhr-Ó. Hé Hã He How. Ãi erêrãi rãrãrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô poPÔ. Yôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorôm. pomPÔ. Aaaah aaah aaah aaah. Uuuh oooh oooh ooooooooh. Ôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi rôrôrôi ohrorô poPÔ. Yôi orôrôi rôrôrôi rô. Aaaah aaah aaah aaah. Uuuh oooh oooh ooooooooh. UaaahuHahaha... Eee hi hi háááNASome people call me the space cowboy. Yeah. Some call me the gangster of love. Some people call me Maurice. 'Cause I speak of the pompatus of love. People talk about me baby. Say I'm doin' you wrong doin' you wrong. Well don't you worry baby don't worry. 'Cause I'm right here right here right here right here at home. 'Cause I'm a picker. I'm a grinner. I'm a lover and I'm a sinner. I play my music in the sun. I'm a joker. I'm a smoker. I'm a midnight toker. I sure don't want to hurt no one. I'm a picker. I'm a grinner. I'm a lover and I'm a sinner. I play my music in the sun. I'm a joker. I'm a smoker. I'm a midnight toker. I get my lovin' on run. W-o-o-o h-o-o-o. W-o-o-o h-o-o-o. You're the cutest thing that I ever did see. I really love your peaches. Want to shake your tree. Lovey dovey lovey dovey lovey dovey all the time. Ooo-eee baby. I'll sure show you good time. 'Cause I'm a picker. I'm a grinner. I'm a lover and I'm a sinner. I play my music in the sun. I'm a joker. I'm a smoker. I'm a midnight toker. I get my lovin' on the run. I'm a picker. I'm a grinner. I'm a lover and I'm a sinner. l play my music in the sun. I'm a joker. I'm a smoker. I'm a midnight toker. I sure don't want to hurt no one. W-o-o-o h-o-o-o. W-o-o-o h-o-o-o. People keep talking about me baby. Say I'm doin' you wrong. Well don't you worry don't worry no don't worry. Mama. 'Cause I'm right here at home. You're the cutest thing I ever did see. I really love your peaches. Want to shake your tree. Lovey dovey lovey dovey lovey dovey all the time. C'mon baby and I'll show you a good timeIf I could make a wish, I think I'd pass. Can't think of anything I need. No cigarettes, no sleep, no light, no sound. Nothing to eat, no books to read. Making love with you. Has left me peaceful, warm and tired. What more could I ask. There's nothing left, to be desired. Peace came upon me. And it leaves me weak. So sleep, silent angel. Go to sleep. Sometimes. All I need is the air. That I breathe. And to love you. All I need is the air. That I breathe. Just to love you. All I need is the air. That I breathe. Peace came upon me. And it leaves me weak. So sleep silent angel. Go to sleep. Sometimes. All I need is the air. That I breathe. And to love you. All I need is the air. That I breathe. Just to love you. All I need is the air. That I breathe. Sometimes. All I need is the air. That I breathe. And to love you. All I need is the air. That I breathe. Just, to love you. All I need is the air. That I breatheStuck inside these four walls. Sent inside forever. Never seeing no one. Nice again like you. Mama you, mama you. If I ever get out of her,. Thought of giving it all away. To a registered charity.. All I need is a pint a day. If I ever get outta here. If we ever get outta of here. Well, the rain exploded with a mighty crash. As we fell into the sun. And the first one said to the second one there. I hope you're having fun. Band on the run, band on the run. And the jailer man and sailor Sam. Were searching every one. For the band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. Well, the undertaker drew a heavy sigh. Seeing no one else had come. And a bell was ringing in the village square. For the rabbits on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. And the jailer man and sailor Sam. Were searching every one. For the band on the run. Band on the run. Yeah the band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. Well, the night was falling as the desert world. Began to settle down.. In the town they're searching for us everywhere. But we never will be found. Band on the run. Band on the run. And the county judge who held a grudge. Will search for evermore. For the band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the run. Band on the runDaddy was a cop. On the east side of chicago. Back in the usa. Back in the bad old days. In the heat of a summer night. In the land of the dollar bill. When the town of chicago died. And they talk about it still. When a man named al capone. Tried to make that town his own. And he called his gang to war. Against the forces of the law. I heard my momma cry. I heard her pray the night chicago died. Brother, what a night it really was. Brother, what a fight it really was. Glory be. I heard my momma cry. I heard her pray the night chicago died. Brother, what a night the people saw. Brother, what a fight the people saw. Yes, indeed. And the sound of the battle rang. Through the streets of the old east side. 'til the last of the hoodlum gang. Had surrendered up or died. There was shouting in the street. And the sound of running feet. And i asked someone who said. 'bout a hundred cops are dead. I heard my momma cry. I heard her pray the night chicago died. Brother, what a night it really was. Brother, what a fight it really was. Glory be. I heard my momma cry. I heard her pray the night chicago died. Brother, what a night the people saw. Brother, what a fight the people saw. Yes, indeed. Then there was no sound at all. But the clock up on the wall. Then the door burst open wide. And my daddy stepped inside. And he kissed my momma's face. Then brushed her tears away. The night chicago died. (nanananananananananana). The night chicago died. Brother, what a night the people saw. Brother, what a fight the people saw. yes, indeed. The night chicago died. (nanananananananananana). The night chicago died. Brother, what a night it really was. Brother, what a fight it really was. Glory be. The night chicago died. (nanananananananananana). The night chicago died. ...1 2 3. Turn it up. Big wheels keep on turning. Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the southland. I miss Alabamy once again and I think its a sin yes. (ooh... ooh... ooh...) Well I heard mr. young sing about her. (ooh... ooh... ooh...) Well I heard ole Neil put her down. (ooh... ooh... ooh...) Well I hope Neil Young will remember. A southern man don't need him around anyhow. Sweet home Alabama. Where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama. Lord I'm coming home to you. In Birmingham they love the governor. Boo-boo-boo. Now we all did what we could do. Now watergate does not bother me. Does your conscience bother you?. Tell the truth. Sweet home Alabama. Where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama. Oh yeah. Lord I'm coming home to you. Here I come Alabama. (A-l-a-b-a-m-a). (Alabama ah-ah-ah). (Alabama ah-ah-ah). (Alabama ah-ah-ah). (Alabama). (ooh. ooh... ooh...) Now muscle shoals has got the swampers. And they've (ooh... ooh... ooh...) been known to pick a song or two (yes they do). Lord (ooh... ooh... ooh...) they get me off so much. They pick me up when I'm feeling blue. Now how about you?. Sweet home Alabama. Where the skies are so blue. Sweet home Alabama. Lord I'm coming home to you. Sweet home Alabama. Oh sweet home baby. Where the skies are so blue and the governor's true. Sweet home Alabama. Lordy. Lord I'm coming home to you. Woo-woo. Yeah-yeah. Montgomery's got the answerPrecious moments. When will I see you again?. When will we share precious moments?. Will I have to wait forever?. Will I have to suffer and cry the whole night through?. When will I see you again?. When will our hearts beat together?. Are we in love or just friends?. Is this my beginning or is this the end?. When will I see you again?. When will I see you again?. When will I see you again?. Precious moments. Are we in love or just friends?. Is this my beginning or is this the end?. When will I see you again?. When will I see you again?. When will I see you again?. ...Hey kids shake it loose together. The spotlight's hittin' something that's been known to change the weather. We'll kill the fatted calf tonight so stick around. You're gonna hear electric music solid walls of sound. Say Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet?. Woo. But they're so spaced out. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Oh but they're weird and wonderful. Oh Bennie she's really clean. She's got electric boots a mohair suit. You know I read it in a magazine, no oh. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Hey kids plug into the faithless maybe they're blinded. But Bennie makes them ageless. We shall survive let us take ourselves along. Where we fight our parents out in the streets to find who's right and who's wrong. Oh Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet?. Oh but they're so spaced out. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Oh but they're weird and wonderful. Oh Bennie she's really clean. She's got electric boots a mohair suit. You know I read it in a magazine, no oh. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Oh Candy and Ronnie have you seen them yet?. Oh but they're so spaced out. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Oh but they're weird and wonderful. Oh Bennie she's really clean. She's got electric boots a mohair suit. You know I read it in a magazine, no oh. Be-Be-Bennie and the Jets. Bennie. Bennie and the Jets. Bennie Bennie Bennie. Bennie and the Jets. Bennie Bennie. Bennie Bennie Bennie and the Jets. Bennie Bennie Bennie. Bennie and the Jets. Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie. Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie and the Jets Jets Jets. Bennie Bennie Bennie. Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie Bennie and the Jets(Richard Sherman and Robert Sherman). Ho!. You come on like a dream, peaches and cream,. Lips like strawberry wine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful and you're mine. (mine, all mine). You're all ribbons and curls, ooh, what a girl,. Eyes that sparkle and shine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful and you're mine.. (mine, all mine, mine, mine). You're my baby, you're my pet,. We fell in love on the night we met.. You touched my hand, my heart went pop,. Ooh, when we kissed, i could not stop.. You walked out of my dreams, into my arms,. Now you're my angel divine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're my baby, you're my pet,. We fell in love on the night we met.. You touched my hand, my heart went pop,. Ooh, when we kissed, i could not stop.. You walked out of my dreams, into my car,. Now you're my angel divine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. You're sixteen, you're beautiful, and you're mine.. All mine, all mine, all mine.. All mine, all mine, all mine.. All mine, all mine, all mine, all mine, but i do.. You are mine!. . What shall we do with the drunken sailor?. What shall we do with the drunken sailor?Hey, you all want to go down to Devil Gate Drive?. Well, come on. Welcome to the dive. Well, at the age of five they can do their jive. Down in Devil Gate Drive. And at the age of six they're gonna get their kicks. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Well, your mama don't know where your sister done go. She gone down to the drive, she's the start of the show. And let her move on up, let her come let her go. She can jive down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. When they reach their teens, that's when they all get mean. Down in Devil Gate Drive. When I was sweet sixteen I was the jukebox queen. Down in Devil Gate Drive. I lead the angel pack on the road to sin. Knock down the gates, let me in, let me in. Don't mess me 'round 'cause you know where I've been. To 'The Dive, down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Well, your mama don't know where your sister done go. She goes down to the drive, she's the start of the show. Let her move on up, let her come let her go. She can jive, down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate Drive. So come alive, come alive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Down in Devil Gate, down in Devil Gate. Down in Devil Gate Drive. Come on, boys, let's do it one more time for Suzi. Are you ready, now?. Come alive, come alive, yeahPicture yourself in a boat on a river. With tangerine trees and marmalade skies. Somebody calls you, you answer quite slowly. A girl with kaleidoscope eyes. Cellophane flowers of yellow and green. Towering over your head. Look for the girl with the sun in her eyes. And she's gone. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Follow her down to a bridge by a fountain. Where rocking horse people eat marshmallow pies. Everyone smiles as you drift past the flowers. That grow so incredibly high. Newspaper taxis appear on the shore. Waiting to take you away. Climb in the back with your head in the clouds. And you're gone. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Newspaper taxis appear on the shore. Waiting to take you away. Climb in the back with your head in the clouds. And you're gone. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Picture yourself on a train in a station. With plasticine porters with looking glass ties. Suddenly someone is there at the turnstile. The girl with kaleidoscope eyes. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamonds. Lucy in the sky with diamondsI can't light. No more of your darkness. All my pictures. Seem to fade to black and white. I'm growing tired. And time stands still before me. Frozen here on the ladder of my life. Too late to save myself from falling. I took a chance and changed your way of life. But you misread my meaning when I met you. Close the door and left me blind by the light. Don't let the sun go down on me. (don't let the sun). Although I search myself it's always someone else I see. I'd just allow a fragment. (don't let the sun) of your life. To wander f-r-e-e.... By losing everything. Is like the sun going down on me. I can't find. Oh the right romantic line. But see me once and see the way I feel. Don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm. But these cuts I have. Oh they need love to help them heal. Don't let the sun go down on me. (don't let the sun). Although I search myself it's always someone else I see. I'd just allow a fragment. (don't let the sun) of your life. To wander f-r-e-e.... By losing everything. Is like the sun going down on me. Don't let the sun go down on me. (don't let the sun). Although I search myself it's always someone else I see. I'd just allow a fragment. (don't let the sun) of your life. To wander f-r-e-e... yeah. By losing everything. Is like the sun going down on meI?m leavin it all up to you. You decide what youre gonna do. Now do you want my love. Or are we through. That?s why I?m leaving it up to you. You decide what youre gonna do. Now do you want my love. Or are we through. My heart in my hand. I don?t understand. Baby, what, what have I done wrong. I worship, I worship the ground that you walk on. That?s why I?m leavin it up to you. You decide what youre gonna do. Now do you want my love. Or are we throughNAI've been drivin' all night, my hand's wet on the wheel. There's a voice in my head, that drives my heel. It's my baby callin', says, "I need you here". Ans it's half past four, and I'm shifting gear. When she's lonely and the longing gets too much. She sends a cable comin' in from above. Don't need no phone at all. We've got a thing that's called radar love. We've got a wave in the air, radar love. The radio's playing some forgotten song. Brenda Lee's coming on strong. The road's got me hypnotized. And I'm speeding into a new sunrise. When I get lonely, and I'm sure I've had enough. She sends her comfort, comin' in from above. Don't need no letter at all. We've got a thing that's called radar love. We've got a line in the sky, radar love. No more speed, I'm almost there. Gotta keep cool, now gotta take care. Last car to pass, here I go. And the line of cars drove down real slow. And the radio played that forgotten song. Brenda Lee's coming on strong. And the newsman sang his same song. One more radar lover gone. When I get lonely, and I'm sure I've had enough. She sends her comfort, comin' in from above. We don't need no letter at all. We've got a thing that's called radar love. We've got a line in the sky. We've got a thing that's called radar love. We've got a thing that's called radar loveJet! Jet! Jet!*. I can almost remember their funny faces. That time you told 'em that you were going to be marrying soon. And Jet,. I thought the only lonely place was on the moon. Jet! Oo Jet! Oo. Jet! Was your father as bold as a sergeant major?. Well how come he told you that you were hardly old enough yet?. And Jet,. I thought the major was a lady suffragette. Jet! Oo Jet! Oo. Ah, mater, want Jet to always love me?. Ah, mater, want Jet to always love me?. Ah, mater, much later. Jet! With the wind in your hair of a thousand laces. Climb on the back and we'll go for a ride in the sky. And Jet,. I thought that the major was a little lady suffragette. Jet! Oo Jet! Oo. And Jet,. You know I thought you was a little lady suffragette. Jet! Oo. A little lady. My little lady, yesShe keeps Moët et Chandon. In her pretty cabinet. 'Let them eat cake,' she says. Just like Marie Antoinette. A built-in remedy. For Kruschev and Kennedy. At anytime an invitation. You can't decline. Caviar and cigarettes. Well versed in etiquette. Extraordinarily nice. She's a Killer Queen. Gunpowder, gelatine. Dynamite with a laser beam. Guaranteed to blow your mind. Anytime. Recommended at the price. Insatiable an appetite. Wanna try?. To avoid complications. She never kept the same address. In conversation. She spoke just like a baroness. Met a man from China. Went down to Geisha Minah. Then again incidentally. If you're that way inclined. Perfume came naturally from Paris. For cars she couldn't care less. Fastidious and precise. She's a Killer Queen. Gunpowder, gelatine. Dynamite with a laser beam. Guaranteed to blow your mind. Anytime. Drop of a hat she's as willing as. Playful as a pussy cat. Then momentarily out of action. Temporarily out of gas. To absolutely drive you wild, wild.. She's all out to get you. She's a Killer Queen. Gunpowder, gelatine. Dynamite with a laser beam. Guaranteed to blow your mind. Anytime. Recommended at the price. Insatiable an appetite. Wanna try?. You wanna try...NAThe fortune queen of New Orleans,. Was brushing her cat in her black limousine. On the backseat were scratches from. The marks of men her fortune she had won. Couldn't see through the tinted glass,. She said "Home James" and he hit the gas. I Followed her to some darkened room,. She took my money, she said "I'll be with you soon". Dark Lady laughed and danced and lit the candles one by one. Danced to her gypsy music till her brew was done. Dark Lady played back magic till the clock struck on the twelve. She told me more about me than I knew myself. She dealt two cards, a queen and a three. And mumbled some words that were so strange to me. Then she turned up a two-eyed jack,. My eyes saw red but the card still stayed black. She said the man you love is secretly true. To someone else who is very close to you. My advice is that you leave this place,. Never come back and forget you ever saw my face. Dark Lady laughed and danced and lit the candles one by one. Danced to her gypsy music till her brew was done. Dark Lady played back magic till the clock struck on the twelve. She told me more about me than I knew myself. So I ran home and crawled in my bed,. I couldn't sleep because of all the things she said. Then I remembered her strange perfume,. And how I smelled it was in my own room!. So I sneaked back and caught her with my man,. Laughing and kissing till they saw the gun in my hand. The next thing I knew they were dead on the floor,. Dark Lady would never turn a card up anymore. Dark Lady laughed and danced and lit the candles one by one. Danced to her gypsy music till her brew was done. Dark Lady played back magic till the clock struck on the twelve. She told me more about me than I knew myselfYeah, yeah. All night long, you've been looking at me. Well, you know you're the dance hall cutie that you longed to be. Oh well now, you've been laying it down. You've got your hip swinging out of bounds. And I like the way you do what you're doin' to me. Alright, that's right, that's right, that's right. That's right I really love your tiger light. That's neat, that's neat, that's neat, that's neat. I really love your tiger feet, I really love your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Well, alright. Well, flash your warning lights just as long as you like. I know you're aching to be making me tonight. I've got a feeling in my knees. It's a feeling only you can please. There ain't no way I'm gonna let you outta my sight. Alright, that's right, that's right, that's right. That's right I really love your tiger light. That's neat, that's neat, that's neat, that's neat. I really love your tiger feet, I really love your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Well, alright. Alright, that's right, that's right, that's right. That's right I really love your tiger light. That's neat, that's neat, that's neat, that's neat. I really love your tiger feet, I really love your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Well, alright. Well, now you've been laying it down. You've got your hips swinging out of bounds. And I like the way you do what you're doin' to me. Alright, that's right, that's right, that's right. That's right I really love your tiger light. That's neat, that's neat, that's neat, that's neat. I really love your tiger feet, I really love your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Your tiger feet. Well, alrightMy child arrived just the other day. He came to the world in the usual way. But there were planes to catch, and bills to pay. He learned to walk while I was away. And he was talkin' 'fore I knew it. And as he grew he'd say, "I'm gonna be like you, dad. You know I'm gonna be like you". And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little Boy Blue and The Man In The Moon. "When you comin' home, Dad?". "I don't know when, we'll get together then, son. You know we'll have a good time then". Well my son turned 10 just the other day. Said, "Thanks for the ball Dad, come on let's play. Can you teach me to throw?" I said. "Not today, I got a lot to do", he said, "That's okay". And he walked away but a smile never came. He said, "I'm gonna be like him, yeah. You know I'm gonna be like him". And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little Boy Blue and The Man In The Moon. "When you comin' home, Dad?". "I don't know when, we'll get together then, son. You know we'll have a good time then". Well he came from college just the other day. So much like a man I just had to say. "Son, I'm proud of you, can you sit for a while?". He shook his head, and he said with a smile. "What I'd really like dad, is to borrow the car keys. See you later, can I have them please?". And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little Boy Blue and The Man In The Moon. "When you comin' home, son?". "I don't know when, we'll get together then. We're gonna have a good time then". Well I've long since retired, my son's moved away. Called him up just the other day. I said, "I'd like to see you, if you don't mind". He said, "I'd love to Dad, if I can find the time. You see my new job's a hassle and the kids have the flu. But it's sure nice talking to you Dad, it's been sure nice talking to you". And as he hung up the phone it occurred to me. He'd grown up just like, my boy was just like me. And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little Boy Blue and The Man In The Moon. "When you comin' home, son?". "I don't know when, but we'll get together then, Dad. We're gonna have a good time then"If I leave here tomorrow. Would you still remember me?. For I must be traveling on, now. 'Cause there's too many places. I've got to see. But, if I stayed here with you, girl. Things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now. And this bird, you'll can not change. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And the bird you cannot change. And this bird you cannot change. Lord knows, I can't change. Bye, bye, baby it's been a sweet love. Yeah, yeah. Though this feeling I can't change. But please don't take it so badly. 'Cause the Lord knows. I'm to blame. But, if I stayed here with you girl. Things just couldn't be the same. 'Cause I'm as free as a bird now. And this bird, you'll can not change. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. And this bird you cannot change. And this bird you cannot change. Lord knows, I can't change. Lord help me, I can't change. Lord I can't change. Won't you fly high, free bird, yeah?We hear you're leavin'. That's okay. I thought our little wild time. Had just begun. I guessed you kind of scared yourself. You turn and run. But if you have a change of heart. Rikki don't lose that number. You don't wanna call nobody else. Send it off in a letter to yourself. Rikki don't lose that number. It's the only one you own. You might use it if you feel better. When you get home. I have a friend in town. He's heard your name. We can go out driving on. Slow hand row. We could stay inside and play games. I don't know. And you could have a change of heart. Rikki don't lose that number. You don't wanna call nobody else. Send it off in a letter to yourself. Rikki don't lose that number. It's the only one you own. You might use it if you feel better. When you get home. You tell yourself you're not my kind. But you don't even know your mind. And you could have a change of heart. Rikki don't lose that number. You don't wanna call nobody else. Send it off in a letter to yourself. Rikki don't lose that number. It's the only one you own. You might use it if you feel better. When you get home. Rikki don't lose that number. Rikki don't lose that number. Rikki don't lose that numberBaby, although I chose this lonely life. It seems it's strangling me now. All the wild men, big cigars, gigantic cars. They're all laughing at me now. Oh, I've been used, ooh, used. I've been a fool, oh, what a fool. I broke all the rules, oh, yeah. But I must let the show go on. Baby, there's an enormous crowd of people. They're all after my blood. I wish maybe they'd tear down the walls of this theater. Let me out, let me out. Oh, I'm so blind, oh, I'm blind. I wasted time, wasted, wasted, wasted time. Walking on a wire, high wire. But I must let the show go on. Oh, I'm so blind, oh, I'm blind. I wasted time, wasted, wasted all too much time. Walking on a wire, high wire. But I must let the show go on. Baby, I wish you'd help me escape. Help me get away. Leave me outside my address. Far away from this masquerade. 'Cause I've been blind, oh, so blind. I wasted time, wasted, wasted all too much time. Walking on a wire, high wire. But I must let the show go. I must let the show go. I must let the show go onI was justified when I was five. Raising Cain, I spit in your eye. Times are changing, now the poor get fat. But the fever's gonna catch you when the bitch gets back. Eat meat on Friday that's alright. Even like steak on a Saturday night. I can bitch the best at your social do's. I get high in the evening sniffing pots of glue. I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, oh the bitch is back. Stone cold sober as a matter of fact. I can bitch, I can bitch 'cause I'm better than you. It's the way that I move, the things that I do. I entertain by picking brains. Sell my soul by dropping names. I don't like those, my God, what's that. Oh it's full of nasty habits when the bitch gets back. I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, oh the bitch is back. Stone cold sober as a matter of fact. I can bitch, I can bitch 'cause I'm better than you. It's the way that I move, the things that I do. I'm a bitch, I'm a bitch, oh the bitch is back. Stone cold sober as a matter of fact. I can bitch, I can bitch 'cause I'm better than you. It's the way that I move, the things that I do. Bitch, bitch, the bitch is back. Bitch, bitch, the bitch is back. Bitch, bitch, the bitch is back. Bitch, bitch, the bitch is back. You know I'm back. You know I'm back. Oh, the bitch is back. Oh yeahWhatever gets you thru the night. 'salright, 'salright.. It's yor money or your life. 'salright, 'salright.. Don't need a sword to cut thru' flowers,. Oh no, Oh no. . Whatever gets you thru' your life. 'salright, 'salright.. Do it wrong or do it right. 'salright, 'salright.. . Don't need a watch to waste your time,. Oh no, Oh no. . Hold me darlin', come on listen to me,. I won't do you no harm;. Trust me darlin', come on listen to me. Come on listen to me, come on listen, listen.. . Whatever gets you to the light. 'salright, 'salright. Out of the blue or out of sight. 'salright, 'salright. Don't need a gun to blow you mind,. Oh no Oh noAnother Saturday night and I ain't got nobody. I've got some money 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way. I got in town a month ago, I've seen a lot of girls since then. If I could meet 'em I could get 'em. But as yet I haven't met 'em. That's how I'm in the state I'm in. Oh, another Saturday night and I ain't got nobody. I've got some money 'cause I just got paid. Now how I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way. Another fella told me he had a sister who looked just fine. Instead of bein' my deliverance. She had a strange resemblance. To a cat named Frankenstein. Ooh, la, another Saturday night and I ain't got nobody. I've got some money 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way. It's hard on a fella when he don't know his way around. If I don't find me a honey. To help me spend my money. I'm gonna have to blow this town. Oh, no another Saturday night and I ain't got nobody. I've got some money 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way. Another Saturday night and I ain't got nobody. I've got some money 'cause I just got paid. Now, how I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm in an awful way, ooh, I'm in an awful way. He's in an awful way. I'm in an awful way, ooh, I'm in an awful way. He's in an awful wayIf I could stick my pen in my heart. I'd spill it all over the stage. Would it satisfy ya or would slide on by ya?. Would you think this boy is strange? Ain't he strange?. If I could win you, if I could sing you. A love song so divine. Would it be enough for your cheating heart. If I broke down and cried, if I cried. I said, "I know it's only rock and roll but I like it". I know it's only rock and roll but I like it, like it, yes I do. Well I like it, ooh, I like it, I like it. I said, "Can't you see that this old boy's getting lonely?". If I could stick a knife in my heart. Suicide right on the stage. Would it be enough for your teenage lust?. Would it help to ease the pain? Ease your brain. If I could dig down deep in my heart. Feelings would flood on the page. Would it satisfy, would it slide on by?. Would you think the boy's insane? He's insane. I said, "I know it's only rock and roll but I like it". I said, "I know it's only rock and roll but I like it, like it, yes I do. Well I like it, yeah, well I like it, I like it". I said, "Can't you see that this old boy's getting lonely?". And don't you think that you're the only girl around?. I bet you think that you're the only woman in town, oh yeah. I said, "I know it's only rock and roll but I like it". I said, "I know it's only rock and roll but I like it". I know it's only rock and roll but I like it, ooh yeah. I know it's only rock and roll but I like it, like it, yes I do. Well I like it, I like it, I like it. I like it, I like it, I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it only rock and roll. But I like it only rock and roll, but I like it, ooh yeah, I like it. You gonna like it, well I know that I like it, ooh yeah, gonna like itYou've got your mother in a whirl. She's not sure if you're a boy or a girl. Hey babe, your hair's alright. Hey babe, let's go out tonight. You like me, and I like it all. We like dancing and we look divine. You love bands when they're playing hard. You want more and you want it fast. They put you down, they say I'm wrong. You tacky thing, you put them on. Rebel Rebel, you've torn your dress. Rebel Rebel, your face is a mess. Rebel Rebel, how could they know?. Hot tramp, I love you so!. Don't ya?. Doo doo doo-doo doo doo doo doo. You've got your mother in a whirl 'cause she's. Not sure if you're a boy or a girl. Hey babe, your hair's alright. Hey babe, let's stay out tonight. You like me, and I like it all. We like dancing and we look divine. You love bands when they're playing hard. You want more and you want it fast. They put you down, they say I'm wrong. You tacky thing, you put them on. Rebel Rebel, you've torn your dress. Rebel Rebel, your face is a mess. Rebel Rebel, how could they know?. Hot tramp, I love you so!. Don't ya?. Oh?. Doo doo doo-doo doo doo doo doo. Rebel Rebel, you've torn your dress. Rebel Rebel, your face is a mess. Rebel Rebel, how could they know?. Hot tramp, I love you so!. You've torn your dress, your face is a mess. You can't get enough, but enough ain't the test. You've got your transmission and your live wire. You got your cue line and a handful of ludes. You wanna be there when they count up the dudes. And I love your dress. You're a juvenile success. Because your face is a mess. So how could they know?. I said, how could they know?. So what you wanna know. Calamity's child, chi-chile, chi-chile. Where'd you wanna go?. What can I do for you? Looks like you've been there too. 'Cause you've torn your dress. And your face is a mess. Ooo, your face is a mess. Ooo, ooo, so how could they know?. Eh, eh, how could they know?. Eh, ehShow. Hide. Click highlighted lyrics to see their meaning. How you doin' out there y'ever seem to have one of those days. Where it just seems like everybody's gettin' on your case. From your teacher all the way down to your best girlfriend. Well, y'know, I used to have 'em just about all the time. But I found a way to get out of 'em let me tell you about it. Sitting in the classroom thinking it's a drag. Listening to the teacher rap just ain't my bag. The noon bells ring you know that's my cue. I'm gonna meet the boys on floor number two. Smokin' in the boys room. Smokin' in the boys room. Now, teacher, don't you fill me up with your rules. But everybody knows that smokin' ain't allowed in school. A-checkin' out the halls makin' sure the coast is clear. Lookin' in the stalls, no, there ain't nobody here. Oh, my buddy Fang, and me and Paul. To get caught would surely be the death of us all. Smokin' in the boys room, yeah. Smokin' in the boys room. Now, teacher, don't you fill me up with your rules. But everybody knows that smokin' ain't allowed in school. All right. Oh, put me to work in the school book store. Check out counter and I got bored. Teacher was lookin' for me all around. Two hours later you know where I was found. Smokin' in the boys room, yes indeed. I was smokin' in the boys room. Now, teacher, don't you fill me up with your rules. But everybody knows that smokin' ain't allowed in school. One mo'. Smokin' in the boys room. Oh, smokin' in the boys room. Now, teacher, I am fully aware of the rules. But everybody knows that smokin' ain't allowed in schoolI remember when Mary Lou said. 'You wanna walk me home from school'. And I said, 'Yes, I do'. She said, 'I don't have to go right home. And I'm the kind that likes to be alone. As long as you would'. I said, 'Me, too'. And so we took a stroll. Wound up down by the swimmin' hole. And she said, 'Do what you want to do'. I got silly and I found a frog. In the water by a hollow log. And I shook it at her. And I said 'This frog's for you'. She said.... Chorus:. 'I don't like spiders and snakes. And that ain't what it takes to love me. You fool, you fool. I don't like spiders and snakes. And that ain't what it takes to love me. Like I want to be loved by you'. Well, I think of that girl from time to time. I call her up when I got a dime. I say, "Hello, baby'. She says, 'Ain't you cool'. I say, 'Do you remember when?. And would you like to get together again?'. She says, 'I'll see you after school'. I was shy and so for a while. Most of my love was touch and smile. Til she said, 'Come on over here'. I was nervous as you might guess. Still looking for somethin' to slip down her dress. And she said, 'Let's make it perfectly clear'. She said...Goodbye Norma Jean. Though I never knew you at all you had the grace to hold yourself. While those around you crawled. They crawled out of the woodwork. And they whispered into your brain they set you on the treadmill and they made you change your name. And it seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind. Never knowing (a-a-a-h...) who to cling to when the rain set in. I would (ah... ah-ah-ah) have liked to know you but I was just a kid. Your candle burned out. (ah-ah-ah-ah...) long before your legend ever did. Loneliness was tough toughest role you ever played. Hollywood created a superstar and pain was the price you paid. Even when you died oh the press still hounded you all the papers had to say was that Marilyn was found in the nude. And it seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind. Never knowing (a-a-a-h...) who to cling to when the rain set in. I would have (ah... ah-ah-ah) liked to know you but I was just a kid. Your candle burned out. (ah-ah-ah-ah...) long before your legend ever did. Goodbye Norma Jean. Though I never knew you at all you had the grace to hold yourself. While those around you crawled. (ooh...) Goodbye Norma Jean. From the young man in the twenty second row. Who sees you (ooh-ooh-ooh...) as something more than sexual. More than just our Marilyn Monroe. (ah-ah-ah-ah...) And it seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind. Never knowing (a-a-a-h...) who to cling to when the rain set in. I would (ah...) have liked to know you (ah-ah-ah...) but I was just a kid. Your candle burned out. (ah-ah-ah-ah...) long before your legend ever did. Your candle burned out. (ah-ah-ah-ah...) long before your legend ever didLook out the left the captain said. The lights down there. That's where we'll land. Saw a falling star burnin'. High above the Las Vagas sand. It wasn't the one that you gave to me. That night down south between the trailer. Not the early one that you can wish upon. Not the northern one that guides in the sailors. Star bright, star bright. You've got the loving that I like. Turn this crazy bird around. Should not have got on this flight tonight. You got the touch so gentle and sweet. But you've got that look so critical. Can't talk to you baby you know I get so weak. Sometimes I think love is just mythical. Up there's a heaven, down there's a town. Blackness everywhere and little lights shine. Blackness, blackness dragging me down. Come on light the candle in this heart of mine. Star bright, star bright. You've got the loving that I like. Turn this crazy bird around. Should not have got on this flight tonight. I'm drinking sweet champagne. Got the headphones up high. Can't numb you, can't drum you out of my mind. And singing, "Goodbye baby, baby goodbye. Ooh, ooh, love is blind". Up go the flaps down go the wheels. Hope you got your heat turned on baby. Hope they finally fixed your automobile. Hope it's better when we meet again, baby. Star bright, star bright. You've got the loving that I like. Turn this crazy bird around. Should not have got on this flight tonight. Should not have got on this flight tonightNAWhere were you in sixty-eight. In sixty-eight, Julie was Johnnie's date. Two kids growin' together. Livin' each day as if time was slippin' away. Oh, they were just sixteen and their love, a teenage dream. They passed the time, they crossed the line. The line that ran between. Julie and Johnnie, now you've made it. But life goes on, you know it ain't easy. You've just gotta be strong if you're one of the six teens. And life goes on, you know, you know it ain't easy. You know you'll never go wrong 'cause you're all part of the six teens. Suzie and Davey got to make the big time. Maybe they can put it all together. In a show that lasts forever. Oh, they would walk the strip at nights. And dream they saw their name in lights. On Desolation Boulevard, they'll light the faded light. Suzie and Davey, you can make it. But life goes on, you know it ain't easy. You've just gotta be strong if you're one of the six teens. And life goes on, you know, you know it ain't easy. You know you'll never go wrong 'cause you're all part of the six teens. So where were you in sixty-eight. When Bobby and Billy thought that sixty eight was out of date?. They took the flowers from their hair. And tried to make us all aware, too bad, too late. So they lived from day to day. And tried to do it all their way. But sixty-eight was sixty-eight. No matter what they say. Bobby and Billy, maybe you'll make it one day. But life goes on, you know it ain't easy. You've just gotta be strong if you're one of the six teens. And life goes on, you know, you know it ain't easy. You know you'll never go wrong 'cause you're all. And life goes on, you know, you know it ain't easy. You know you'll never go wrong 'cause you're all part of the six teens. And life goes on, you know, you know it ain't easy. You know you'll never go wrong 'cause you're all part of the six teensOh very young. What will you leave us this time?. You're only dancing on this earth for a short while. And though your dreams may toss and turn you now. They will vanish away like your daddy's best jeans. Denim blue fading up to the sky. And though you want them to last forever. You know they never will, you know they never will. And the patches make the goodbye harder still. Oh very young. What will you leave us this time?. There'll never be a better chance to change your mind. And if you want this world to see a better day. Will you carry the words of love with you?. Will you ride the great white bird into heaven?. And though you want to last forever. You know you never will, you know you never will. And the goodbye makes the journey harder still. Will you carry the word of love with you. Will you ride? Will you ride? Will you ride? Oh. Oh very young. What will you leave us this time?. You're only dancing on this earth for a short while. Oh very young. What will you leave us this time?You should have seen me with the poker man. I had a honey and I bet a grand. Just in the nick of time I looked at his hand. I was talking to an Eskimo. Said, he was hopping for a fall of snow. When up popped a sea lion, ready to go. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Down to junior's farm where I wanna lay low. Low life, high life, oh, let's go. Take me down to Junior's Farm. Take me down to Jimmy. At the Houses of Parliament. Everybody's talking 'bout the President. We all chip in for a bag of cement. Olly Hardy should have had more sense. He bought a gee-gee and he jumped the fence. All for the sake of a couple of pence. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Down to junior's farm where I wanna lay low. Low life, high life, oh, let's go. Take me down to Junior's Farm. Let's go, let's go down to. Junior's farm where I wanna lay low. Low life, high life, oh, let's go. Take me down to Junior's Farm. Everybody tag along. I took my bag into a grocer's store. The price is higher than the time before. Old man asked me, "Why is it more". I said, you should have seen me with the poker man. I had a honey and I bet a grand. Just in the nick of time I looked at his hand. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. Down to Junior's Farm where I wanna lay low. (Down to Junior's Farm). Low life, high life, oh, let's go. Take me down to Junior's Farm. (Down to Junior's Farm). Let's go, let's go, down to. Junior's farm where I wanna lay low. Low life, high life, oh, let's go. Take me down to Junior's Farm. (Down to Junior's Farm). Everybody tag along. (You also tag along). Take me down to Junior's Farm. Take me down, take me down. I wanna go there, yeah, yeah. Down, down, yeahGirl when you hold me. How you control me. You bend and you fold me. Any way you please. It must be easy for you. To love the things that you do. But just a pastime for you. I could never be. And I never know, girl. If I should stay or go. Cos the games that you play. Keep driving me away.... Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. Kisses and caresses. Are only minor tests, babe. Of love turned to stresses. Between a woman and a man. So if love everlasting. Isn't what you're asking. I'll have to pass, girl. I'm proud to take a stand. I can't continue guessing. Because it's only messing. With my pride, and my mind. So write down this time to time. Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. I'm just a little old-fashioned. It takes more than a physical attraction. My initial reaction is. Honey give me a love. Not a fascimile of. Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. Don't love me for fun, girl. Let me be the one, girl. Love Me For a Reason. Let the reason be love. (Repeat to fade)If you've got a problem, don't care what it is. If you need a hand, I can assure you this. I can help, I've got two strong arms, I can help. It would sure do me good to do you good. Let me help. It's a fact that people get lonely, ain't nothing new. But a woman like you, babe, should never have the blues. Let me help, I've got two for me, let me help. It would sure do me good to do you good. Let me help. When I go to sleep at night, you're always a part of my dreams. Holding me tight and telling me everything I want to hear. Don't forget me, babe, all you gotta do is call. You know how I feel about you, I can do anything at all. Let me help if your child needs a Dad, I can help. It would sure do me good to do you good. Let me help. When I go to sleep at night, you're always a part of my dreams. Holding me tight and telling me everything I want to hear. Don't forget me, babe, all you gotta do is call. You know how I feel about you, if I can do anything at all. Let me help, for a child needs a Dad, I can help. It would sure do me good to do you good. Let me helpWhere are those happy days? They seem so hard to find. I tried to reach for you but you have closed your mind. Whatever happened to our love, I wish I understood. It used to be so nice, it used to be so good. So when you're near me, darling can't you hear me? SOS. The love you gave me, nothing else can save me, SOS. When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?. When you're gone, though I try how can I carry on?. You seemed so far away though you were standing near. You made me feel alive but something died I fear. I really tried to make it out, I wish I understood. What happened to our love? It used to be so good. So when you're near me, darling can't you hear me? SOS. The love you gave me, nothing else can save me, SOS. When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?. When you're gone, though I try how can I carry on?. So when you're near me, darling can't you hear me? SOS. And the love you gave me, nothing else can save me, SOS. When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?. When you're gone, though I try how can I carry on?. When you're gone, how can I even try to go on?. When you're gone, though I try how can I carry on?. . I don't wanna know your name. 'Cause you don't look the same. The way you did before. . Okay, you think you got a pretty face. But the rest of you is out of place. You looked all right before. . Fox on the run. You scream and everybody comes a running. Take a run and hide yourself away. Foxy on the run, f-foxy. Fox on the run and hide away. . You, you talk about just every band. But the names you drop are second hand. I've heard it all before. . I don't wanna know your name. 'Cause you don't look the same. The way you did before. . Fox on the run. You scream and everybody comes a running. Take a run and hide yourself away. Foxy on the run, f-foxy. Fox on the run and hide away. . F-foxy, fox on the run. You scream and everybody comes a running. Take a run and hide yourself away. Foxy on the run, f-foxy. Fox on the run and hide away. . Fox on the run. Fox on the run. Fox on the run. Fox on the runI am sailing, I am sailing. Home again 'cross the sea. I am sailing, stormy waters. To be near you, to be free. I am flying, I am flying. Like a bird 'cross the sky. I am flying, passing high clouds. To be with you, to be free. Can you hear me, can you hear me. Through the dark night, far away?. I am dying, forever crying. To be with you, who can say. Can you hear me?. Can you hear me, can you hear me. Through the dark night far away?. I am dying, forever crying. To be with you, who can say, who can say. We are sailing, we are sailing. Home again 'cross the sea. We are sailing stormy waters. To be near you, to be free. Oh Lord, to be near you, to be free. Oh my Lord, to be near you, to be free. Oh my Lord, to be near you, to be free. Oh LordShame shame shame on you. If you can't dance too. REPEAT. Can't stop me now hear what I say. My feet wanna move so get out my way. I'm gonna have my say. I'm going to every discotheque. I'm gonna dance dance dance dance ooh. Till the break of day I say. CHORUS. Shame shame shame hey shame on you. If you can't dance too. I say shame shame shame. Shame shame shame. Shame shame on you. If you can't dance too. Don't stop the motion. If you get the notion. You can't stop the groove. 'Cos you just won't move. Got my sun-roof down. Got my diamonds in the back. So put on your shaky wig baby. If you don't I ain't comin' back. REPEAT CHORUS. If you don't want to go. Remember one monkey don't stop no show. My body needs action ain't gonna blow. Yes I'm going out I'm going to find a dancin' man. If you really think you're fast. Try to catch me if you can. I say shame shame shame yeah (aah) shame on you. If you can't dance too. It's a shame shame shame. Shame shame shame. Shame shame on you. If you can't dance too. If you can't dance. REPEAT CHORUS. (Shame) said shame (shame) said shame. (Shame) shame on you. If you can't dance too if you can't dance. REPEAT TO FADEI used to be a rolling stone you know if a cause was right. I'd leave to find the answer on the road. I used to be a heart beating for someone but the times have changed. The less I say the more my work gets done. 'Cause I live and breathe this Philadelphia freedom. From the day that I was born I've waved the flag. Philadelphia freedom took me knee high to a man. Yeah, gave me peace of mind my daddy never had. Oh, Philadelphia freedom shine on me and I love you. Shine the light through the eyes of the ones left behind. Shine the light, shine the light, shine the light won't you shine the light. Philadelphia freedom I love you, yes I do. If you choose to you can live your life alone. Some people choose the city. Some others choose the good old family home. I like living easy without family ties. Till the whippoorwill of freedom zapped me right between the eyes. 'Cause I live and breathe this Philadelphia freedom. From the day that I was born I've waved the flag. Philadelphia freedom took me knee high to a man. Gave me peace of mind my daddy never had. Oh, Philadelphia freedom shine on me and I love you. Shine the light through the eyes of the ones left behind. Shine the light, shine the light, shine the light, won't you shine the light?. Philadelphia freedom I love you, yes I do. Oh, Philadelphia freedom shine on me and I love you. Shine the light through the eyes of the ones left behind. Shine the light, shine the light, shine the light, won't you shine the light?. Philadelphia freedom I love, you know I love. You know I love you, yes I do. Philadelphia freedom. I love you, yes I do. Philadelphia freedom. You know that I love you, yes I do. Philadelphia freedom. Don't you know that I love you, yes I do. Philadelphia freedom. Don't you know that I love you, yes I do. Philadelphia freedom. Don't you know that I love you, yes I doOne of these nights. One of these crazy old nights. We're gonna find out, pretty mama. What turns on your lights. The full moon is calling, the fever is high. And the wicked wind whispers and moans. You got your demons, you got desires. Well, I got a few of my own. Ooo, someone to be kind to. In between the dark and the light. Ooo, coming right behind you. Swear I'm gonna find you. One of these nights. One of these dreams. One of these lost and lonely dreams now. We're gonna find one. One that really screams. I've been searching for the daughter of the Devil himself. I've been searching for an Angel in white. I've been waiting for a woman who's a little of both. And I can feel her but she's nowhere in sight. Ooo, loneliness will blind you. In between the wrong and the right. Ooo, coming right behind you. Swear I'm gonna find you. One of these nights. (One of these nights). Ooo, in between the dark and the light. Coming right behind you. Swear I'm gonna find you. Get ya baby one of these nights. (One of these nights). (One of these nights). I can feel it, I can feel it. (One of these nights). Coming right behind you. Swear I'm gonna find you now. (One of these nights). It gets so dark, it's so dark and all alone. (One of these nights). One of these crazy, crazy, crazy nights. (One of these nights). Swear I'm gonna find you. Coming right behind you. (One of these nights). (One of these nights). I wanna say, aah. (One of these nights). One of these, one of these. (One of these nights). Coming right behind you. Swear I'm gonna find you. (One of these nights)In the day we sweat it out in the streets of a runaway American dream. At night we ride through mansions of glory in suicide machines. Sprung from cages out on Highway 9. Chrome wheeled, fuel injected and stepping out over the line. Baby, this town rips the bones from your back. It's a death trap, it's a suicide rap. We got to get out while we're young. Because tramps like us, baby we were born to run. . Wendy let me in, I want to be your friend. I want to guard your dreams and visions. Just wrap your legs around these velvet rims . And strap your hands across my engines. Together we could break this trap. We'll run until we drop, baby we'll never go back. Will you walk with me out on the wire. Because baby, I'm just a scared and lonely rider. But I got to find out how it feels. I want to know if love is wild. Girl, I want to know if love is real. . Beyond the Palace hemi-powered drones scream down the boulevard. The girls comb their hair in rear-view mirrors. And the boys try to look so hard. The amusement park rises bold and stark. Kids are huddled on the beach in a mist. I want to die with you Wendy on the streets tonight. In an everlasting kiss. . The highway's jammed with broken heroes on a last chance power drive. Everybody's out on the run tonight but there's no place left to hide. Together Wendy, we can live with the sadness. I'll love you with all the madness in my soul. Someday girl I don't know when we're going to get to that place. Where we really want to go and we'll walk in the sun. But until then tramps like us, baby we were born to runI see your teeth flash, Jamaican honey, so sweet. Down where Lexington Cross 47th Street. She's a big girl, she's standin' six foot three. Turnin' tricks for the dudes in the big city. Island girl, what you're wantin' with the white man's world. Island girl, black boy wants you in his island world. He wants to take you from the racket boss. He wants to save you but the cause is lost. Island girl, island girl, island girl. Tell me what you're wantin' with the white man's world. Well, she's black as coal but she'll burn like a fire. And she'll wrap herself around you like a well worn tire. You feel her nail scratch your back just like a rake. He one more gone, he one more John who made the mistake. Island girl, what you're wantin' with the white man's world. Island girl, black boy wants you in his island world. He wants to take you from the racket boss. He wants to save you but the cause is lost. Island girl, island girl, island girl. Tell me what you're wantin' with the white man's world. Island girl, what you're wantin' with the white man's world. Island girl, black boy wants you in his island world. He wants to take you from the racket boss. He wants to save you but the cause is lost. Island girl, island girl, island girl. Tell me what you're wantin' with the white man. Tell me what you're wantin' with the white man. Tell me what you're wantin' with the white manMy eyes adored you. Though I never laid a hand on you. My eyes adored you. Like a million miles away from me. You couldn't see how I adored you. So close, so close and yet so far. Carried your books from school. Playin' make-believe you're married to me. You were fifth-grade, I was sixth. When we came to be. Walkin' home every day over. Over Barnegat Bridge and Bay. Till we grew into the me and you. Went our separate ways. My eyes adored you. Though I never laid a hand on you. My eyes adored you. Like a million miles away from me. You couldn't see how I adored you. So close, so close and yet so far. Headed for city lights. Climbed the ladder up to fortune and fame. I worked my fingers to the bone. Made myself a name. Funny, I seemed to find. That no matter how the years unwind. Still I reminisce 'bout the girl I miss. And the love I left behind. My eyes adored you. Though I never laid a hand on you. My eyes adored you. Like a million miles away from me. You couldn't see how I adored you. So close, so close and yet so far. (My eyes adored you). All my life I will remember. How warm and tender.   (Though I never laid a hand on you). (My eyes adored you). We were way back then, whoa, whoa, baby.   (Like a million miles away from me).   (You couldn't see how I adored you). Oh, the feeling, sad regrets. I know I won't ever forget you, my childhood friend.   (So close, so close and yet so far). My eyes adored you. Though I never laid a hand on you. My eyes adored you. Like a million miles away from me. You couldn't see how I adored you. So close, so close and yet so far. My eyes adored you. Though I never laid a hand on you. My eyes adored youGet down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Get down, deeper and down. I want all the world to see. To see you're laughing. And you're laughing at me. I can take it all from you. Again, again, again, again, again, again, again. Deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Get down, deeper and down. I have all the ways you see. To keep you guessing. Stop your messing with me. You'll be back to find your way. Again, again, again, again, again, again, again. Deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Get down. Get down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Get down, deeper and down. I have found out you see. I know what you're doing. What you're doing to me. I'll keep on and say to you. Again, again, again, again, again, again, again. Deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Down down, deeper and down. Get downIf you want a sweet, sweet love tonight. Call me and I'll make you feel alright. When you're out and running around. Playing games all over town. Turn around, come on down, I'll be there. Yeah, yeah. If you want some sweet, sweet love from me. Take a chance with someone new you'll see. I can make your fire burn with the touch of just one kiss. Turn you on, all night long. You'll be gone, gone, gone. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. Yes, I am, I'm on fire. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. I'm on fire, baby. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire,. yes I am my baby. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. I'm on fire, baby. If you want some sweet, sweet love from me. Take a chance with someone new you'll see. I can make your fire burn with the touch of just one kiss. Turn you on, all night long. You'll be gone, gone, gone. Tomado de AlbumCancionYLetra.com. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. Yes, I am, I'm on fire. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. I'm on fire, baby. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire,. yes I am my baby. Honey, now I'm on my way I'm on fire. I'm on fire, babyYou are so beautiful, to me. You are so beautiful, to me. Can't you see, you're everything I hoped for. You're everything that I need, you are so beautiful, to me. You are so beautiful, to me. You are so beautiful, to me. Can't you see, you're everything I hoped for. Everything that I need, you are so beautiful, to meWell I tried to make it Sunday, but I got so damn depressed. That I set my sights on Monday and I got myself undressed. I ain't ready for the altar but I do agree there's times. When a woman sure can be a friend of mine. Well, I keep on thinkin' 'bout you, Sister Golden Hair surprise. And I just can't live without you; can't you see it in my eyes?. I been one poor correspondent, and I been too, too hard to find. But it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind. Will you meet me in the middle, will you meet me in the air?. Will you love me just a little, just enough to show you care?. Well I tried to fake it, I don't mind sayin', I just can't make it. Well, I keep on thinkin' 'bout you, Sister Golden Hair surprise. And I just can't live without you; can't you see it in my eyes?. Now I been one poor correspondent, and I been too, too hard to find. But it doesn't mean you ain't been on my mind. Will you meet me in the middle, will you meet me in the air?. Will you love me just a little, just enough to show you care?. Well I tried to fake it, I don't mind sayin', I just can't make itNA. . So you think you'll take another piece of me. To satisfy your intellectual need. Do you want, do you want. Action, action, action, action. . Gonna bring you down. 'Cause you've been pushing me. You've got to recognize my superiority. . Liar, liar, liar, liar. You know you believed it. Higher, higher, higher, higher. 'Cause I'm the main man. . And that's why, everybody wants a piece of the action. Everybody needs a main attraction. I've got what everybody needs satisfaction guarantees. That everybody wants a piece of the action. . Oh, I was suicidal 'cause you was my idol. Baby, baby, baby, bring it to your knees. Oh, there was a time I would have walked the line. But you bled me dry with your insatiable greed. . Liar, liar, liar, liar. You know you believed it. Higher, higher, higher, higher. 'Cause I'm the main man. . And that's why, everybody wants a piece of the action. Everybody needs a main attraction. I've got what everybody needs satisfaction guarantees. That everybody wants a piece of the action. . Do you want, do you want action?. Everybody wants, everybody needs. Everybody wants, everybody needs. . Everybody wants a piece of the action. Everybody needs a main attraction. I've got what everybody needs satisfaction guarantees. That everybody wants a piece of the action, action, action. Action, action, action, actionBlown round by the wind. Thrown down in a spin. I gave you love. I thought that we had made it to the top. I gave you all I had to give. Why did it have to stop. You've blown it all sky high. By telling me a lie. Without a reason why. You've blown it all sky high. You, you've blown it all sky high. Our love had wings to fly. We could have touched the sky. You've blown it all sky high. Up round I've flown. Then down down like a stone. I gave you loveWhen I think of those East End lights, muggy nights. The curtains drawn in the little room downstairs. Prima Donna Lord you really should have been there. Sittin' like a princess perched in her electric chair. And it's one more beer and I don't hear you anymore. We've all gone crazy lately. My friends out there rollin' round the basement floor. And someone saved my life tonight sugar bear. You almost had your hooks in me didn't you dear. You nearly had me roped and tied. Altar bound, hypnotized, sweet freedom whispered in my ear. You're a butterfly and butterflies are free to fly. Fly away, high away, bye bye. Never realized the passin' hours of evenin' showers. A slip noose hangin' in my darkest dreams. I'm strangled by your haunted social scene. Just a pawn out played by a dominating queen. It's four o'clock in the mornin', damn it listen to me good. I'm sleepin' with myself tonight. Saved in time, thank God my music's still alive. And someone saved my life tonight sugar bear. You almost had your hooks in me didn't you dear. You nearly had me roped and tied. Altar bound, hypnotized, sweet freedom whispered in my ear. You're a butterfly and butterflies are free to fly. Fly away, high away, bye bye. And I would have walked head on to the deep end of the river. Clinging to your stocks and bonds, paying your H.P. demands forever. Comin' in the mornin' with a truck to take me home. Someone saved my life tonight, someone saved my life tonight. Someone saved my life tonight, someone saved my life tonight. Someone saved my life tonight. So save your strength and run the field you play alone. And someone saved my life tonight sugar bear. You almost had your hooks in me didn't you dear. You nearly had me roped and tied. Altar bound, hypnotized, sweet freedom whispered in my ear. You're a butterfly and butterflies are free to fly. Fly away, high away, bye bye. Someone saved, someone saved, someone saved my life tonight. Someone saved, someone saved, someone saved my life tonight. Someone saved, someone saved, someone saved my life tonight. ...It ain't no big thing to wait for the bell to ring. It ain't no big thing the toll of the bell. Aggravated spare for days. I troll down town, the red light place. Jump up bubble up, what's in store. Love is the drug and I need to score. Showing out, showing out hit and run. Boy meets girl where the beat goes on. Stitched up tight can't shake free. Love is the drug got a hook on me. Oh, catch that buzz. Love is the drug I'm thinking of. Oh, can't you see. Love is the drug for me. Oh, oh. Late that night I parked my car. Staked my place in the singles bar. Face to face, toe to toe. Heart to heart as we hit the floor. Lumbered up limbo down. The locked embrace, stumble round. I say go, she says yes. Dim the lights you can guess the rest. Oh, catch that buzz. Love is the drug I'm thinking of. Oh, can't you see. Love is the drug, got hookin' me. Oh, catch that buzz. Love is the drug I'm thinking of. Oh, can't you see. Love is the drug for me. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Love is, love is, love is the drugFeeling better, now that we're through. Feeling better 'cause I'm over you. I learned my lesson, it left a scar. Now I see how you really are. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. I'm gonna say it again. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. I broke a heart that's gentle and true. Well I broke a heart over someone like you. I'll beg his forgiveness on bended knee. I wouldn't blame him if he said to me. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. I'm gonna say it again. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. I'm telling you now, baby. And I'm going my way. Forget about you baby. 'Cause I'm leaving to stay. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. I'm gonna say it again. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no good. Oh, oh, no. You're no good. You're no good. You're no good. Baby, you're no goodThey pulled in just behind the bridge. He lays her down, he frowns. Gee my life's a funny thing. Am I still too young?. He kissed her then and there. She took his ring, took his babies. It took him minutes, took her nowhere. Heaven knows, she'd have taken anything. (All night). She wants the young American. (Young American, young American). (She wants the young American). (All right). She wants the young American. All the way from Washington. Her bread winner begs off the bathroom floor. We live for just these twenty years. Do we have to die for the fifty more?. All night. He wants the young American. (Young American, young American). So young. (He wants the young American). Hmm.   (All right). All right. He wants the young American. Do you remember your President Nixon?. (Oooh). Do you remember the bills you have to pay. Or even yesterday?. You ain't a pimp and you ain't a hustler.   (Young American, young American). A pimp's got a Cadi and a lady got a Chrysler.   (He wants the young American). Black's got respect and White's got his soul train.   (All night). Mama's got cramps and look at your hands ache. (I heard the news today, oh boy). I got a suite and you got defeat. Ain't there a man you can say no more?.   (All right). And, ain't there a woman I can sock on the jaw?. And, ain't there a child I can hold without judging?.   (Young American, young American). Ain't there a pen that will write before they die?.   (He wants the young American). Ain't you proud that you've still got faces?.   (All right). Ain't there one damn song that can make me. Break down and cry?. All night. I want the young American. (Young American, young American). Young American. (I want the young American). Woh oh oh uh oh.   (All right). I want the young American, young American. (Young American, young American). I want you. (I want the young American). I want you want.   (All right). You want I, I want you, you want I, I want youSo, so you think you can tell. Heaven from Hell. Blue skies from pain.. Can you tell a green field. From a cold steel rail?. A smile from a veil?. Do you think you can tell?. Did they get you to trade. Your heroes for ghosts?. Hot ashes for trees?. Hot air for a cool breeze?. Cold comfort for change?. And did you exchange. A walk on part in the war. For a lead role in a cage?. How I wish, how I wish you were here.. We're just two lost souls. Swimming in a fish bowl. Year after year. Running over the same old ground.. What have we found. The same old fears.. Wish you were here.Ozark Mountain Daredevils. It'll Shine When It Shines. Jackie Blue. (GUITAR SOLO INTRO). ooh-hoo, jackie blue. lives her life from inside of a room. hides that smile when she's wearin' a frown. ooh jackie, you're not so down.  . you like your life in a free-form style. you'll take an inch but you'd love a mile. there never seems to be quite enough. floating around to fill your lovin' cup.  . ooh-hoo, jackie blue. what's a game, girl, if you never lose. ask a winner and you'll prob'bly find. ooh jackie, they've lost at sometime.  . don't try to tell me that you're not aware. of what you're doing and that you don't care. you say it's easy, just a nat'ral thing. like playing music but you never sing.  . ooh-hoo, jackie blue. making wishes that never come true. going places where you've never been. ooh jackie, you're going again. (GUITAR SOLO).  . ooh-hoo, jackie blue. likes a dream that can never come true. making love is like siftin' through sand. ooh jackie, it slips through your hand.  . ev'ry day, in your indigo eyes. I watch the sun set but I don't see it rise. moonlight and stars in your strawberry wine. you'd take the world but you won't take the time.  . ooh-hoo, jackie blue. lives her life from inside of a room. makes you think that her life is a drag. ooh jackie, what fun you have had.  . ooh jackie, ooh jackie. ooh jackie, ooh jackie. hey, hey, hey, hey. (GUITAR SOLO)I don't need a whole lots of money. I don't need a big fine car. I got everything that a man could want. I got more than I could ask for. And I don't have to run around. I don't have to stay out all night. 'Cause I got me a sweet, a sweet loving woman. And she know just how to treat me right. Oh, my baby, she's alright. Oh, my baby's clean out of sight. Don't you know that she's?. She's some kind of wonderful. She's some kind of wonderful. Yes, she is, she is. She's some kind of wonderful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When I hold her in my arms. You know she sets my soul on fire. Oh, when my baby kisses me. My heart becomes filled with desire. When she wraps her loving arms around me. It 'bout drives me out of my mind. Yeah, when my baby kisses me. Chills run up and down my spine. Oh, my baby, she's alright. Oh, my baby's clean out of sight. Don't you know that she is?. She's some kind of wonderful. She's some kind of wonderful. Yes, she is. She's some kind of wonderful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now is there anybody. Got a sweet little woman like mine?. There's got to be somebody. Got a, got a sweet little woman like mine. Yeah, now can I get a witness?. Can I get a witness?. Oh, can I get a witness?. Can I get a witness?. Can I get a witness?. Can I get a witness?. I'm talking, talking 'bout my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Talking 'bout my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Talking 'bout my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Talking 'bout my baby, my baby, my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Talking about my baby, my baby, my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Yeah yeah yeah yeah, my baby, my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful). Talking 'bout my baby, my baby, my baby. (She's some kind of wonderful)Man got his woman to take his seed. He got the power, yeah, and she got the need. She spends her life through pleasing up her man. She feeds me dinner or anything she can. She cries alone at night too often. And I smoke and drink and don't come home at all. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Man makes your hair gray, he's your life's mistake. And all you're really looking for is just an even break. He lies right at you, you know you hate that game. He slaps you once in a while, she lives in love and pain. She cries alone at night too often. And I smoke and drink and don't come home at all. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed. Man got his woman to take his seed. He got the power, yeah, and she got the need. She spends her life through pleasing up her man. She feeds me dinner or anything she can. She cries alone at night too often. And I smoke and drink and don't come home at all. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed. Black eyes all of the time. Don't spend a dime clean up this grime. And you there down on your knees begging me please. Come watch me bleed, yeah yeah. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleed, only women bleed. Only women bleedBaby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. I could never see what fate had planned for me. And then, you came and made my days this man's reality. Maybe you can see all the things you've been to me. But my simple fate is at the gate and girl, you've got the key. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. It seems like yesterday you and I first loved this way. But now, I know how love can grow with each and every day. As we lay at midnight's hour and feel love's hidden power. So strong and bold as life unfolds its mystery to me. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. You and me for eternity. In love, we'll always be. Young and free and naturally. The way it's gotta be. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love again. Baby, baby, fallin' in love. I'm fallin' in love againOh, let the sun beat down upon my face, with stars to fill my dream.. I am a traveler of both time and space to be where I have been.. To sit with elders of a gentle race this world has seldom seen.. Who talk of days for which they sit and wait. When all will be revealed.. Talk and song from tongues of lilting grace. Sounds caress my ear.. Though not a word I heard could I relate. The story was quite clear.. Whoa-oh-hoh. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh. Oooh, oh, baby, I've been flyin'. No, yeah, mama cares, ain't no denyin'. Oh, oooh yeah, I've been flyin'. My mama, ain't no denyin', no denyin', no.... Oh, all I see turns to brown. As the sun burns the ground.. And my eyes fill with sand. As I scan this wasted land.. Tryin' to find, tryin' to find where I've been, ah-ah, ah-ah.... Oh, pilot of the storm who leaves no trace. like thoughts inside a dream.. Heed the path that led me to that place with yellow desert stream.. My Shangri-La beneath the summer moon, I will return again.. Sure as the dust that blows high in June, when movin' through Kashmir.. Oh, father of the four winds, fill my sails. Across the sea of years. With no provision but an open face. Along the straits of fear.. Whoa-oh, whoa-oh. Whoa-oh-hoh, oh, ohh. Oh, when I'm on, when I'm on my way, yeah. When I see, when I see the way you stay, yeah-eah. Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, oh. Ooh, yeah-yeah, ooh, yeah-yeah, when I'm down, so down.... Ooh, my baby, ooh, my baby, let me take you there.... Oh, oh, come on, come on, oh, let me take you there.... Let me take you there, woo, yeah-yeah, woo, yeah-yeah. Let me take you there...I've been cheated. Been mistreated. When will I be loved?. I've been put down. I've been pushed 'round. When will I be loved?. When I find a new man. That I want for mine. He always breaks my heart in two. It happens every time. I've been made blue. I've been lied to. When will I be loved?. When I find a new man. That I want for mine. He always breaks my heart in two. It happens every time. Oh, I've been cheated. Been mistreated. When will I be loved?. When will I be loved?. Tell me, when will I be loved?A breathless drive on a downtown street. Motorbike ride in the mid-day heat. The dust that hung from the desert skies. Run, though we run it still burned our eyes. Oh, yes we can walk on the wild wild side of life. And our movements traced by a stranger close by your side. And in the shadows of a promise, you can take my hand. And show me the way to understand. So if you think you know how to love me. And you think you know what I need. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. Yes, if you think you know how to love me. And you think you can stand by me. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. A reckless night in a nameless town. Then we moved out of sight with a silent sound. A beach that wept with deserted waves. That's where we slept, knowing we'd be safe. Now you may think you can walk on the wild wild side with me. But there's a lot I can learn, and a lot that I've yet to see. You know you've got my life lying in your hands. It's up to you to make me understand. So if you think you know how to love me. And you think you know what I need. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. Yes, if you think you know how to love me. And you think you can stand by me. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. So if you think you know how to love me. And you think you know what I need. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. Yes, if you think you know how to love me. And you think you can stand by me. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the way. Yes if you think you know how to love me. And you think you know what I need. And if you really really want me to stay. You've got to lead the wayLeo Sayer. Miscellaneous. Long Tall Glasses (i Can Dance). LONG TALL GLASSES (I CAN DANCE). LEO SAYER. (1975 #9). I WAS TRAVELLIN?DOWN THE ROAD. FEELIN?HUNGRY AND COLD. I SAW A SIGN DOWN THE ROAD SAYIN’ME. THEN I’M SURE YOU WILL UNDERSTAND. NOW WAIT A MINUTE. OF COURSE I CAN DANCE. OF COURSE I CAN DANCE. I’M SURE I CAN DANCE. I’M SURE I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. I REALLY HIT THE FLOOR. AH IT FEELS GOOD. LOOK AT ME DANCING. I DID A TWO-STEP QUICK-STEP AND A BOSSANOVA. A LITTLE VICTOR SYLVESTER AND A RUDY VALENTINO. YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN ME MOVING. RIGHT ACROSS THE FLOOR. HAND ME DOWN MY TUXEDO. NEXT WEEK I’M COMING BACK FOR MORE. I CAN DANCE. OH YES I CAN DANCE. LOOK AT ME DANCE ON THE FLOOR MOVING. I FEEL GOOD. I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. I CAN DANCE. Transcribed by bmw851He don't love you, like I love you. If he did, he wouldn't break your heart. He don't love you, like I love you. He's tryin' to tear us apart. Fare thee well, I know you're leavin'. (I know you're leavin'). For the new love that you've found. The handsome guy that you've been dating, whoa. I got a feelin' he's gonna put you down, 'cause. He don't love you, like I love you. If he did, he wouldn't break your heart. He don't love you, like I love you. He's tryin' to tear us apart. He uses all the great quotations. Says the things I wish I could say. Whoa, but he's has so many rehearsals, girl. To him it's just another play, but wait. When the final act is over. And you're left standing all alone. When he takes his bow and makes his exit. Girl, I'll be there to take you home. He don't love you, like I love you.   (And he never will). If he did, he wouldn't break your heart. Oh, he don't love you girl, like I love you. He's tryin' to tear us apart. Whoa, he don't love youIf you leave me now you'll take away the biggest part of me. No baby please don't go. And if you leave me now you'll take away the very heart of me. No baby please don't go, no I just want you to stay. A love like ours is love that's hard to find. How could we let it slip away?. We've come too far to leave it all behind. How could we end it all this way?. When tomorrow comes and we both regret. The things we said today. A love like ours is love that's hard to find. How could we let it slip away?. We've come too far to leave it all behind. How could we end it all this way?. When tomorrow comes and we both regret. The things we said today. And if you leave me now you'll take away the biggest part of me. No baby please don't go, no baby please don't go. Oh girl, I just got to have your lovin, yeah. No baby please don't go, don't go, don't goDon't go breaking my heart. I couldn't if I tried. Honey if I get restless. Baby you're not that kind. Don't go breaking my heart. You take the weight off me. Honey when you knock on my door. Ooh I gave you my key. Woo hoo. Nobody knows it. When I was down. I was your clown. Woo hoo. Nobody knows it. (nobody knows... it). Right from the start. I gave you my heart. Oh-oh I give you my heart. So don't go breaking my heart. I won't go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. Nobody told us. 'Cause nobody showed us. Now it's up to us babe. Whoa I think we can make it. So don't misunderstand me. You put the light in my life. Oh, you put the spark to the flame. I got your heart in my sight. Woo hoo. Nobody knows it. When I was down. I was your clown. Woo hoo. Nobody knows it. (nobody knows... it). Right from the start. I gave you my heart. Oh-oh. I give you my heart. Don't go breaking my heart. I won't go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. Woo hoo. Nobody knows it. (woo hoo) When I was down. (woo hoo) I was your clown. (woo hoo) Right from the start. (woo hoo) I gave you my heart. Oh-oh I give you my heart. Don't go breaking my heart. I won't go breaking your heart. (don't go breaking my). (don't go breaking my). Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my). I won't (aaah) go breaking your heart. Don't go breaking my heart. (don't go breaking my)Oh, what a night. Late December, back in '63. What a very special time for me. As I remember, what a night. Oh, what a night. You know, I didn't even know her name. But I was never gonna be the same. What a lady, what a night. Oh, I. I got a funny feeling when she walked in the room. Hey, my. As I recall, it ended much too soon. Oh, what a night. Hypnotizing, mesmerizing me. She was everything I dreamed she'd be. Sweet surrender, what a night. And I felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder. Spinning my head around and taking my body under. Oh, what a night. Oh, I. Got a funny feeling when she walked in the room. Hey, my. As I recall, it ended much too soon. Oh, what a night. Why'd it take so long to see the light?. Seemed so wrong, but now it seems so right. What a lady, what a night. Oh, I felt a rush like a rolling bolt of thunder. Spinning my head around and taking my body under. Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do). Oh, what a night (Do do do do do, do do do do)Stay away from my window. Stay away from my back door too. Disconnect the telephone line. Relax baby and draw that blind. Kick off your shoes and sit right down. Loosen off that pretty French gown. Let me pour you a good long drink. Ooh baby don't you hesitate cause. Tonights the night. It's gonna be alright. Cause I love you girl. Ain't nobody gonna stop us now. C'mon angel my hearts on fire. Don't deny your man's desire. You'd be a fool to stop this tide. Spread your wings and let me come inside. Tonights the night. It's gonna be alright. Cause I love you girl. Ain't nobody gonna stop us now. Don't say a word my virgin child. Just let your inhibitions run wild. The secret is about to unfold. Upstairs before the night's too old. Tonights the night. It's gonna be alright. Cause I love you woman. Ain't nobody gonna stop us nowYou'd think that people would have had enough of silly love songs. I look around me and I see it isn't so. Some people want to fill the world with silly love songs. And what's wrong with that?. I'd like to know. 'Cause here I go again. I love you, I love you. I love you, I love you. I can't explain the feeling's plain to me; can't you see?. Ah, she gave me more, she gave it all to me now can't you see?. What's wrong with that?. I need to know. 'Cause here I go again. I love you, I love you. Love doesn't come in a minute. Sometimes it doesn't come at all. I only know that when I'm in it. It isn't silly, love isn't silly, love isn't silly at all. How can I tell you about my loved one?. How can I tell you about my loved one?. "I love you" over Paul's "How can I tell you about my loved one?". "I love you" over Paul's "How can I tell you about my loved one?". I love you. I love you. "I can't explain the feeling's plain to me, say can't you see?". "I love you". "Ah, he gave me all, he gave it all to me to me, say can't you see?". "I love you". "I can't explain the feeling's plain to me, say can't you see?". "How can I tell you about my loved one?". "Ah, he gave me all, he gave it all to me to me say can't you see?". "How can I tell you about my loved one?". "I can't explain the feeling's plain to me, say can't you see?". "How can I tell you about my loved one?". "Ah, he gave me all, he gave it all to me to me say can't you see?". "How can I tell you about my loved one?". You'd think that people would have had enough of silly love songs. I look around me and I see it isn't so, oh no. Some people want to fill the world with silly love songs. What's wrong with that?Love hurts, love scars. Love wounds, and marks. Any heart, not tough. Or strong enough. To take a lot of pain. Take a lot of pain. Love is like a cloud. Holds a lot of rain. Love hurts. Love hurts. I'm young, I know. But even so. I know a thing or two. I learned, from you. I really learned a lot. Really learned a lot. Love is like a flame. It burns you when it's hot. Love hurts. Love hurts. Some fools think of happiness. Blissfulness, togetherness. Some fools fool themselves I guess. They're not foolin' me. I know it isn't true. I know it isn't true. Love is just a lie. Made to make you blue. Love hurts. Love hurts. Love hurts. I know it isn't true. I know it isn't true. Love is just a lie. Made to make you blue. Love hurts. Love hurts. Love hurtsI wonder how you're feeling. There's ringing in my ears. And no one to relate to 'cept the sea. Who can I believe in?. I'm kneeling on the floor. There has to be a force. Who do I phone?. The stars are out and shining. But all I really want to know. Oh won't you show me the way, every day. I want you to show me the way, yeah. Well, I can see no reason. You're living on your nerves. When someone drops a cup and I submerge. I'm swimming in a circle. I feel I'm going down. There has to be a fool to play my part. Someone thought of healing. But all I really want to know. Oh won't you show me the way, every day. I want you to show me the way, oh. I want you day after day, yeah. Yeah, I wonder if I'm dreaming. I feel so unashamed. I can't believe this is happening to me. I watch you when you're sleeping. And then I want to take your love. Oh won't you show me the way, every day. I want you to show me the way, one more time. I want you day after day, yeah. I want you day after day, hey. I want you to show me the way, every day. I want you to show me the way, night and day. I want you day after dayI woke up this morning and the sun was gone. Turned on some music to start my day. I lost myself in a familiar song. I closed my eyes and I slipped away. It's more than a feeling. More than a feeling. When I hear that old song they used to play. More than a feeling. And I begin dreaming. More than a feeling. 'Til I see Mary Ann walk away. I see my Mary Ann walkin' away. So many people have come and gone. Their faces fade as the years go by. Yet I still recall as I wander on. As clear as the sun in the summer sky. It's more than a feeling. More than a feeling. When I hear that old song they used to play. More than a feeling. And I begin dreaming. More than a feeling. 'Til I see Mary Ann walk away. I see my Maria Ann walkin' away. When I'm tired and thinking cold. I hide in my music, forget the day. And dream of a girl I used to know. I closed my eyes and she slipped away. She slipped away. It's more than a feeling. More than a feeling. When I hear that old song they used to play. More than a feeling. And I begin dreaming. More than a feeling. 'Til I see Mary Ann walk awaySailin' away on the crest of a wave. It's like magic. Rollin' & ridin' and slippin' & sliding. It's magic. And you, and your sweet desire,. You took me, oh, higher and higher baby,. It's a livin' thing,. It's a terrible thing to lose. It's a givin' thing. What a terrible thing to lose.. I'm takin' a dive (dive, dive...). Dive (dive, dive...). Making believe this is what you've conceived. From your worst day, (I'm takin' a dive). Moving in line when you look back in time. To the first day (I'm takin', I'm takin'). And you, and your sweet desire,. (Don't you do it, don't you do it). Taking me, oh, higher and higher baby. It's a livin' thing,. It's a terrible thing to lose,. It's a givin' thing. What a terrible thing to lose. I'm takin' a dive (dive, dive...). All the same (same, same...). Hey (hey, hey...). Takin' a dive 'cause you can't halt the slide. Floating downstream (I'm takin' a dive). So let her go, don't start spoiling the show. It's a bad dream (I'm takin', I'm takin'). And you and your sweet desire. (Don't you do it, don't you do it). Taking me, oh, higher and higher baby. It's a livin' thing. It's a terrible thing to lose. It's a givin' thing. What a terrible thing to lose. It's a livin' thing. It's a terrible thing to lose. It's a givin' thing. What a terrible thing to loseNADavid Bowie. Station To Station. Golden Years. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. . Don't let me hear you say life's taking you nowhere, angel. Come get up my baby. Look at that sky, life's begun. Nights are warm and the days are young. Come get up my baby. . There's my baby, lost that's all. Once i'm begging you save her little soul. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Come get up my baby. . Last night they loved you, opening doors and pulling some strings, angel. Come get up my baby. In walked luck and you looked in time. Never look back, walk tall, act fine. Come get up my baby. . I'll stick with you baby for a thousand years. Nothing's gonna touch you in these golden years, gold. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Come get up my baby. . Some of these days, and it won't be long. Gonna drive back down where you once belonged. In the back of a dream car twenty foot long. Don't cry my sweet, don't break my heart. Doing all right, but you gotta get smart. Wish upon, wish upon, day upon day, i believe oh lord. I believe all the way. Come get up my baby. Run for the shadows, run for the shadows, run for the shadows in these golden years. . There's my baby, lost that's all. Once i'm begging you save her little soul. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Come get up my baby. . Don't let me hear you say life's taking you nowhere, angel. Come get up my baby. Run for the shadows, run for the shadows. Run for the shadows in these golden years. . I'll stick with you baby for a thousand years. Nothing's gonna touch you in these golden years, gold. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whop. Golden years, gold whop whop whopYou told me I was the one. The only one who got your head undone. And for a while I believed the line that you spun. But I've been looking at you. Looking closely at the things you do. I didn't see it the way you wanted me to. How how howzat. You messed about. I caught you out. Howzat. Now that I found where you're at. It's goodbye. Well howzat. It's goodbye. You only came for a smile. Even though you're really not my style. I didn't think that you'd run me 'round. Like you do. How how howzat. You messed about. I caught you out. Howzat. Now that I found where you're at. It's goodbye. Well howzat. It's goodbye. Aha. O yeah, oh yeah. Well I've been looking at you. (I'll tell you what I see). Looking closely at the things you do. (No you can't fool me). I didn't see it the way you wanted me to. How how howzat. You messed about. I caught you out. Howzat. Now that I found where you're at. It's goodbye. Howzat. You messed about. I caught you out. Howzat. Now that I found where you're at. It's goodbye. Well howzat. Goodbye. Oh yeah, oh yeah. Doo-wah doo-wah doo-wah doo-wah. Doo-wah doo-wah doo-wah doo-wah. AaaaaaaaaahGuess who just got back today. Them wild-eyed boys that have been away. Haven't changed that much to say. But man, I still think them cats are crazy. They were askin' if you were around. How you was, where you could be found. Told 'em you were livin' downtown. Drivin' all the old men crazy. The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). I said the boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). You know that chick that used to dance a lot. Every night she'd be on the floor, shakin' what she'd got. Man when I tell you she was cool she was red hot. I mean, she was steamin'. And that time over at Johnny's place. Well, this chick got up and she slapped Johnny's face. Man, we just fell about the place. If that chick don't wanna know, forget her. The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). I said the boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). Spread the word around. Guess who's back in town. Just spread the word around. Friday night they'll be dressed to kill. Down at Dino's Bar 'n' Grill. The drink will flow and blood will spill. And if the boys wanna fight, you better let 'em. That jukebox in the corner blastin' out my favorite song. The nights are getting longer, it won't be long. Won't be long till summer comes. Now that the boys are here again. The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). Spread the word around. The boys are back in town. (The boys are back in town). The boys are back. The boys are back. The boys are back in town again. Been hangin' down at Dino's. The boys are back in town againCan, can you find me somebody?. Somebody, somebody, somebody to love?. Can you find me somebody to love?. Each morning I get up I die a little. Can barely stand on my feet. Take a look in the mirror and cry. Lord, what you're doing to me?. I have spent all my years in believin' You. I just can't get no relief. Lord, somebody. (Somebody). Somebody. (Somebody). Anybody find me somebody to love. I work hard every day of my bloody life.   (He works hard). I work till I ache my bones. At the end of. (At the end of the day). I take home my hard earned pay all on my own.   ([Incomprehensible]). I get down on my knees and I start to pray. Till the tears run down from my eyes. Lord, somebody. (Somebody). Somebody. (Somebody). Anybody find me somebody to love. He works hard everyday, try and I try and I try. But everybody wants to put me down. They say I'm goin' crazy. They say I got a lot of water in my brain. I got no common sense, I got nobody left to believe. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ooh Lord, Somebody. (Somebody). Somebody. (Somebody). Anybody find me somebody to love. Got no feel, I got no rhythm. I just keep losing my beat. I'm okay, I'm alright, I ain't gonna face no defeat. I just gotta get out of this prison cell. One day I'm gonna be free, Lord. I'm just gonna be free, free I tell you. In return, yeah, yeah, yeah. In return, yeah will I get, yeah, yeah, oh. Can you find me, can you find me? Ooh. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Find me somebody to love. Somebody. (Somebody). Somebody. (Somebody). Somebody find me, somebody find me. Somebody to love, anybody find me. Can you find me? Can, can you find me?. Some, some, somebody, somebody to love, ya. (Find me somebody to love). (Find me somebody to love). Some, some, somebody to love me. Can you love me? Can you love me?. Oh, give love, give love, give love. Give love, somebody to love. Can anybody fine me?. Can anybody find me?. Find me, find me, find me, find, ooh ya. Some, yeah, somebody. Oh, oh somebody to loveThe lights shine down the valley. The wind blows up the alley, Oh --. well I wish I was lying in the arms of Mary.. She took the pains of boyhood,. and turned them in to feel good, Oh --. how I wish I was lying in the arms of Mary –. Mary was the girl who taught me all I had to know --. she put me right on my first mistake --. Summer wasn’t good when I learned all she had to show --. she really gave all a boy could take --- Oh --. So now when I get lonely,. still looking for the one and only,. That’s when I wish was lying in the arms of Mary.. INSTRUMENTAL (same as part asterisked above). Mary was the girl who taught me all I had to know --. she put me right on my first mistake --. Summer wasn’t good when I learned all she had to show --. she really gave all a boy could take ---- ----. The lights shine down the valley,. The wind blows up the alley Oh --. well I wish I was lying in the arms of Mary.. Lying in the arms of Mary, Lying in the arms of Mary,. Lying in the arms of Mary.Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Do me a favor,. Open the door and let 'em in. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Do me a favor,. Open the door and let 'em in. Sister Suzie, brother John,. Martin Luther, Phil And Don,. Brother Michael, Auntie Gin,. Open the door, let 'em in.. Sister Suzi, brother John,. Martin Luther, Phil and Don,. Uncle Ernie, Auntie Gin. open the door, let em in. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Do me a favor, open the door and let em in. oo yeah let em in. Sister Suzi, brother John,. Martin Luther, Phil and Don, ooo. Uncle Ernie, Uncle Ian. open the door let em in. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Someone's knockin' at the door. Somebody's ringin' the bell. Do me a favor, open the door and let em in. yeah yeah yeahI've got the money, I've got the place. You've got the figure, you've got the face. Let's get together, the two of us over a glass of champagne. I've got the music, I've got the lights. You've got the figure full of delights. Let's get together, the two of us over a glass of champagne. Now, I've been waiting much too long. For this moment to come along. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!. (A little glass of champagne). I've been thinking night and day (night and day). For this moment to be this way. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!. I've got position, I've got the name. You've got the power to drive me insane. Let's get together, the two of us over a glass of champagne. I've been waiting much too long (much too long). For this moment to come along. Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah!. (A little glass of champagne). Let's get together, the two of us over a glass of champagne. Let's get together, the two of us over a glass of champaPistol shots ring out in the ballroom night Enter Patty Valentine from the upper hall She sees the bartender in a pool of blood Cries out, "My God, they've killed them all!" Here comes the story of the Hurricane. The man the authorities came to blame For somethin' that he never done. Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been. The champion of the world. Three bodies lyin' there does Patty see And another man named Bello, movin' around mysteriously. "I didn't do it," he says, and he throws up his hands. "I was only robbin' the register, I hope you understand.. I saw them leavin'," he says, and he stops. "One of us had better call up the cops" And so Patty calls the cops. And they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin'. In the hot New Jersey night. Meanwhile, far away in another part of town. Rubin Carter and a couple of friends are drivin' around. Number one contender for the middleweight crown. Had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down. When a cop pulled him over to the side of the road. Just like the time before and the time before that. In Paterson that's just the way things go If you're black you might as well not show up on the street. 'Less you wanna draw the heat. Alfred Bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops. Him and Arthur Dexter Bradley were just out prowlin' around. He said, "I saw two men runnin' out, they looked likemiddleweights. They jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates". And Miss Patty Valentine just nodded her head Cop said: "Wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead". So they took him to the infirmary. And though this man could hardly see. They told him that he could identify the guilty men. Four in the mornin' and they haul Rubin in. Take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs. The wounded man looks up through his one dyin' eye. Says, "Wha'd you bring him in here for? He ain't the guy!". Yes, here's the story of the Hurricane. The man the authorities came to blame. For somethin' that he never done. Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been. The champion of the world. Four months later, the ghettos are in flame. Rubin's in South America, fightin' for his name. While Arthur Dexter Bradley's still in the robbery game. And the cops are puttin' the screws to him, lookin' for somebody to blame.. "Remember that murder that happened in a bar?". "Remember you said you saw the getaway car?". "You think you'd like to play ball with the law?". "Think it might-a been that fighter that you saw runnin' that night?". "Don't forget that you are white". Arthur Dexter Bradley said:"I'm really not sure". Cops said:"A poor boy like you could use a break. We got you for the motel job and we're talkin' to your friend Bello. Now you don't wanta have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow.. You'll be doin' society a favor. That sonofabitch is brave and gettin' braver.. We want to put his ass in stir. We want to pin this triple murder on him. He ain't no gentleman jim". Rubin could take a man out with just one punch. But he never did like to talk about it all that much It's my work, he'd say, and I do it for pay. And when it's over I'd just as soon go on my way. Up to some paradise. Where the trout streams flow and the air is nice. And ride a horse along a trail. But then they took him to the jail house. Where they try to turn a man into a mouse. All of Rubin's cards were marked in advance. The trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance. The judge made Rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums. To the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum. And to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger. No one doubted that he pulled the trigger. And though they could not produce the gun. The D.A. said he was the one who did the deed. And the all-white jury agreed. Rubin Carter was falsely tried. The crime was murder "one," guess who testified?. Bello and Bradley and they both baldly lied. And the newspapers, they all went along for the ride.. How can the life of such a man. Be in the palm of some fool's hand?. To see him obviously framed. Couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land. Where justice is a game. Now all the criminals in their coats and their ties. Are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise. While Rubin sits like Buddha in a ten-foot cell. An innocent man in a living hell. That's the story of the Hurricane. But it won't be over till they clear his name And give him back the time he's done.. Put in a prison cell, but one time he could-a been. The champion of the worldI must have been through about a million girls. I'd love 'em and I'd leave 'em alone. I didn't care how much they cried, no sir. Their tears left me cold as a stone. But then I fooled around and fell in love. I fooled around and fell in love. I fooled around and fell in love. I fooled around and fell in love. It used to be when I'd see a girl that I liked. I'd get out my book and write down her name. But when the grass got a little greener on the other side. I'd just tear out that page. But then I fooled around and fell in love. I fooled around and fell in love. Since I met you baby. I fooled around and fell in love. I fooled around and fell in love. Free, on my own that's the way I used to be. But since I met you baby love's got a hold on me. Ooh it's got a hold on me now, hey. I can't let go of you baby. I can't stop lovin' you now, hey. 'Cause I fooled around, fooled around, fooled around. Fooled around, fooled around, fooled around, fell in love. Fooled around, fooled around, yes I did. Fooled around, fooled around, fooled around, I fell in love. Fooled around, fooled around, fooled around, fell in loveWhat've I gotta do to make you love me?. What do I gotta do to make you care?. What do I do when lightning strikes me?. And wake to find that you're not there. . What do I do, to make you want me?. What do I gotta do, to be heard?. What do I say when its all over?. Sorry, seems to be the hardest word. . It's sad.   (So sad). So sad. It's a sad, sad situation. And it's gettin' more and more absurd. It's sad.   (So sad). So sad. Why can't we talk it over?. Ohh, it seems to me. That sorry, seems to be the hardest word. . It's sad.   (So sad). So sad. It's a sad, sad situation. And it's gottin' more and more absurd. It's sad.   (So sad). So sad. Why can't we talk it over?. Ohh, it seems to me. That sorry seems to be the hardest word. . What do I do to make you love me?. Ohh, ooo. What do I gotta do to be heard?. What do I do when lightning strikes me?. What have I gotta do?. What have I gotta do?. When sorry seems to be the hardest wordAll alone at the end of the evening. And the bright lights have faded to blue. I was thinking 'bout a woman. Who might have loved me, and I never knew. You know I've always been a dreamer. (Spent my life running 'round). And it's so hard to change. (Can't seem to settle down). But the dreams I've seen lately. Keep on turning out and burning out. And turning out the same. So put me on a highway. And show me a sign. And take it to the limit one more time. You can spend all your time making money. You can spend all your love making time. If it all fell to pieces tomorrow. Would you still be mine?. And when you're looking for your freedom. (Nobody seems to care). And you can't find the door. (Can't find it anywhere). When there's nothing to believe in. Still you're coming back, you're running back. You're coming back for more. So put me on a highway. And show me a sign. And take it to the limit one more time. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. One more time. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. One more time. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. Take it to the limit. One more time. ...It's not my way to love you just when no one's looking.. it's not my way to take your hand if i'm not sure,. it's not my way to let you see what's going on inside of me,. when it's a love you'll not be needing, you're not free.. please stop pulling at my sleeve if you're just playing,. if you'll not take the things you make me want to give,. i never cared too much for games and this one's driving me insane.. you're not half as free to wander as you claim.. i'm easy, i'm easy. say the word, i'll play your game,. as though that's how it ought to be. i'm easy.. don't lead me on if there's nowhere for you to take me,. if loving you will have to be a sometime thing.. i can't put bars on my insides; my love is something i can't hide. i still hurt when i recall the times i've tried. i'm easy, i'm easy.. take my hand and pull me down.. i won't put up any fight, because i'm easy.. don't do me favors, let me watch you from a distance,. cause when you're near, it's hard for me to keep my head.. when your eyes throw light at mine, it's enough to change my mind. make me leave my cautious ways and world behind.. i'm easy. i'm easy.Welcome back. Your dreams were. Your ticket out. Welcome back. To that same old place. That you laughed about. Well, the names. Have all changed. Since you hung around. But those dreams. Have remained and. They've turned around. Who'd have thought they'd lead you. (Who'd have thought they'd lead you). Back here where we need you. (Back here where we need you). Yeah, we tease him a lot. Cause we got him on the spot. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back. We always could spot a friend. Welcome back. And I smile when I think. How you must have been. And I know what a scene. You were learning in. Was there something that. Made you come back again. And what could ever lead you. (What could ever lead you). Back here where we need you. (Back here where we need you). Yeah, we tease him a lot. Cause we got him on the spot. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. And I know what a scene. You were learning in. Was there something that. Made you come back again. And what could ever lead you. (What could ever lead you). Back here where we need you. (Back here where we need you). Yeah, we tease him a lot. Cause we got him on the spot. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Yeah, we tease him a lot. Welcome back, welcome back. Cause we got him on the spot. Welcome back, welcome back. Yeah, we tease him a lot. Cause we got him on the spot. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back, welcome backYou made a fool of me. But them broken dreams have got to end. Hey woman, you got the blues. Yes you ain't got no one else to use. There's an open road that leads nowhere. So just make some miles between here and there. There's a hole in my head where the rain comes in. You took my body and played to win. Ha ha woman it's a crying shame. But you ain't got nobody else to blame. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Rolled in from another town. Hit some gold too hot to settle down. But a fool and his money soon go separate ways. And you found that fool lyin' in a daze. Ha ha woman, what you gonna do?. You destroyed all the virtues that the Lord gave you. It's so good that you're feeling pain. Yes you better get your face on board the very next train. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman how you done me wrong. But now you're tryin' to wail a different song. Ha ha funny how you broke me up. You made the wine now you drink the cup. I came runnin' every time you cried. Thought I saw love smilin' in your eyes. Ha ha very nice to know. That you ain't got no place well left to go. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil woman. Evil woman, evil womanWhen I come home, baby. And I've been workin' all night long. I put my daughter on my knee. And she say, "Daddy, what's wrong?". She whisper in my ear so sweet. You know what she say?. She say, "Daddy you're a fool to cry. You're a fool to cry. And it makes me wonder why". You know, I got a woman. And she live in a poor part of town. And I go see her sometime. And we make love, so fine. I put my head on her shoulder. She say, "Tell me all your trouble". You know what she say?. She say, "Daddy, you're a fool to cry. You're a fool to cry. And it makes me wonder why". Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Yeah, she say, "Daddy, you're a fool to cry. You're a fool to cry. And it makes me wonder why". She say, "Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Daddy, you're a fool to cry. Daddy, you're a fool to cry". Even my friends say to me sometime. I make out like I don't understand them. You know what they say. They say, "Daddy, you're a fool to cry. You're a fool to cry. And it makes me wonder why". I'm a fool, baby, yeah. I'm a fool, baby, oh yeah. I'm a certified fool, oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. I want to tell ya, gotta tell ya, baby. [Incomprehensible]. I'm a fool, baby, oh yeah yeah. Certified fool for ya mama, oh yeah yeah yeah. Come on, yeah, I'm a fool, yeah. I'm a fool, yeah, I'm a foolA summer evening on Les Champs Elyses. A secret rendezvous they planned for days.. A sea of faces in a crowded cafe. A sound of laughter as the music plays.. .... Jean-Claude was a student at the University. Louise-Marie is just a world away.. .... He recall the night they met was warm with laughter. The words were music as she turned away.. .... I'll meet you at midnight. Under the moonlight. I'll meet you at midnight.... But Jean-Claude, Louise-Marie will never be.... .... Each cigarette would light a thousand faces. .... Each hour that pass seem like a thousand years.. .... Midnight was turning into empty spaces. The sound of laughter disappeared.. .... I'll meet you at midnight. Under the moonlight. I'll meet you at midnight.... Oh, but Jean-Claude, Louise-Marie will never be.... .... A summer morning on Les Champs Elyses. The empty table in the street cafe.. .... The sunlight melting through an open doorway. Jean-Claude has left to face another day.. .... I'll meet you at midnight. Under the moonlight. I'll meet you at midnight.... .... I'll meet you at midnight. Under the moonlight. I'll meet you at midnight.... Oh, but Jean-Claude, Louise-Marie will never be .... ...I was alone, I took a ride. I didn't know what I would find there. Another road where maybe I. Could see another kind of mind there. Ooh, then I suddenly see you. Ooh, did I tell you I need you. Every single day of my life?. You didn't run, you didn't lie. You know I wanted just to hold you. And had you gone, you knew in time. We'd meet again, for I had told you. Ooh, you were meant to be near me. Ooh, and I want you to hear me. Say we'll be together every day. Got to get you into my life. What can I do? What can I be?. When I'm with you I wanna stay there. If I'm true, I'll never leave. And if I do I know the way there. Ooh, then I suddenly see you. Ooh, did I tell you I need you. Every single day of my life?. Got to get you into my life. I've got to get you into my life. I was alone, I took a ride. I didn't know what I would find there. Another road where maybe I. Could see another kind of mind there. And then I suddenly see you. Did I tell you I need you. Every single day?Ooh, you make me live. Whatever this world can give to me. It's you, you're all I see. Ooh, you make me live now honey. Ooh, you make me live. Oh, you're the best friend. That I ever had. I've been with you such a long time. You're my sunshine. And I want you to know. That my feelings are true. I really love you. (Ooh) Oh, you're my best friend. Ooh, you make me live. Ooh, I've been wandering round. But I still come back to you. (still come back to you). In rain or shine. You've stood by me girl. I'm happy at home (happy at home). You're my best friend. Ooh, you make me live. Whenever this world is cruel to me. I got you, to help me forgive - oo oo ooh. Ooh, you make me live now honey. Ooh, you make me live. Oh, you're the first one. When things turn out bad. You know I'll never be lonely. You're my only one. And I love the thing. I really love the things that you do. Oh, you're my best friend. Oh, ooh, you make me live. I'm happy (happy at home). You're my best friend. Oh, oh, you're my best friend. Ooh, you make me live. Oo oo ooh. You, you're my best friendBryan Ferry. Let's Stick Together. Let's Stick Together. (harrison). . And now the marriage vow is very sacred. The man has put us together now. You ought to make it stick together. Come on, come on, let's stick together. You know we made a vow to leave one another never. But now you never miss your water 'til your well runs dry. Come on now baby give our love a try. Let´s stick together, c´mon c´mon let´s stick together. You know we made a vow to leave one another never. Then if you´re stuck for a while consider our child. How can it be happy without its ma and pa. Let´s stick together, c´mon c´mon let´s stick together. You know we made a vow to leave one another neverOn a dark desert highway. Cool wind in my hair. Warm smell of colitas. Rising up through the air. Up ahead in the distance. I saw a shimmering light. My head grew heavy, and my sight grew dim. I had to stop for the night. There she stood in the doorway. I heard the mission bell. And I was thinking to myself:. "This could be heaven or this could be hell". Then she lit up a candle. And she showed me the way. There were voices down the corridor. I thought I heard them say. Welcome to the Hotel California. Such a lovely place (such a lovely place). Such a lovely face. Plenty of room at the Hotel California. Any time of year (any time of year). You can find it here. Her mind is Tiffany-twisted. She got the Mercedes bends. She got a lot of pretty, pretty boys she calls friends. How they dance in the courtyard. Sweet summer sweat. Some dance to remember. Some dance to forget. So I called up the Captain:. "Please bring me my wine". He said: "We haven't had that spirit here since 1969". And still those voices are calling from far away. Wake you up in the middle of the night. Just to hear them say. Welcome to the Hotel California. Such a lovely place (such a lovely place). Such a lovely face. They're living it up at the Hotel California. What a nice surprise (what a nice surprise). Bring your alibis. Mirrors on the ceiling. The pink champagne on ice. And she said: "We are all just prisoners here of our own device". And in the master's chambers. They gathered for the feast. They stab it with their steely knives. But they just can't kill the beast. Last thing I remember. I was running for the door. I had to find the passage back. To the place I was before. "Relax," said the night man. "We are programmed to receive. You can check out any time you like. But you can never leave"Der ganze song hat leider nicht gepasst, es fehlt eine zeile und dieses Programm schafft es nicht sie hier einzubringen!!!!. Mull of Kintyre. Oh, mist rolling in from the sea. My desire is always to be here. Oh, Mull of Kintyre. Far have I travelled, and much have I seen. Dark distant mountains with valleys of green. Past painted deserts, the sunset's on fire. As he carries me home to the Mull of Kintyre. Mull of Kintyre. Oh, mist rolling in from the sea. My desire is always to be here. Oh, Mull of Kintyre. Sweep through the heather like deer in the glen. Carry me back to the days I knew then. Of the life and the times of the Mull of Kintyre. Mull of Kintyre. Oh, mist rolling in from the sea. My desire is always to be here. Oh, Mull of Kintyre. Smiles in the sunshine and tears in the rain. Still take me back where my memories remain. Flickering embers grow higher and higher. As they carry me back to the Mull of Kintyre. Mull of Kintyre Oh, mist rolling in from the sea. My desire is always to be here Oh, Mull of KintyreI've paid my dues time after time. I've done my sentence but committed no crime. And bad mistakes, I've made a few. I've had my share of sand kicked in my face but I've come through. And I need to go on and on and on and on. . We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting till the end. We are the champions, we are the champions. No time for losers 'cause we are the champions of the world. . I've taken my bows and my curtain calls. You've brought me fame and fortune and everything that goes with it. I thank you all. But it's been no bed of roses, no pleasure cruise. I consider it a challenge before the whole human race and I ain't gonna lose. And I need to go on and on and on and on. . We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting till the end. We are the champions, we are the champions. No time for losers 'cause we are the champions of the world. . We are the champions, my friends. And we'll keep on fighting till the end. We are the champions, we are the champions. No time for losers 'cause we are the championsWhen I need you. I just close my eyes and I'm with you. And all that I so wanna give you. Is only a heartbeat away. When I need love. I hold out my hand and I touch love. I never knew there was so much love. Keeping me warm night and day. Miles and miles of empty space in between us. A telephone can't take the place of your smile. But you know I won't be traveling forever. It's cold out, but hold out. And do like I do. When I need you. I just close my eyes and I'm with you. And all that I so wanna give you babe. Is only a heartbeat away. It's not easy when the road is your driver. But honey that's the heavy load that we bear. But you know I won't be traveling a lifetime. It's cold out, but hold out. And do like I do. Oh, I need you. When I need love. I hold out my hands and I touch love. I never knew there was so much love. Keeping me warm night and day. When I need you. Just close my eyeeeeeeees. And you'r right here by my side. Keeping my warm night and day. I just hold out my hands. I just hold out my hands. And I'm with you darling. Yes I'm with you darling. All I wanna give you. It's only a heartbeat away. Oh, I need you darling. Oh, I want you darling...NAYou Make Me Feel Like Dancing. Leo Sayer. You've got a cute way of talking. You got the better of me. Just snap your fingers and I'm walking. Like a dog hanging on your lead. I'm in a spin you know. Shaking on string you know. You make me feel like dancing. I'm gonna dance the night away. You make me feel like dancing. I'm gonna dance the night away. You make feel like dancing. I feel like dancing dancing dance the night away. I feel like dancing dancing ahhh. Quarter to four in the morning. I ain't feeling tired no no no no no. Just hold me tight and leave on the light. Cause I don't want to go home. You put a spell on me. I'm right where you want me to be. You make me feel like dancing. I want to dance the night away. You make me feel like dancing. I'm gonna dance the night away. You make…Sally called when she got the word. She said "I suppose you've heard, 'bout Alice". So I rushed to the window and I looked outside. And I could hardly believe my eyes. As a big limousine rode up into Alice's drive.. Oh, I don't know why she's leaving, or where she's gonna go. I guess she's got her reasons but I just don't wanna know. 'Cause for twenty-four years I've been living next door to Alice. Twenty-four years just waitin' for a chance. To tell her how I feel and maybe get a second glance. Now I gotta get used to not living next door to Alice. We grew up together, two kids in the park. Carved out initials deep in the bark, me and Alice. Now she walks through the door, with her head held high. Just for a moment I caught her eye. As the big limousine pulled slowly out of Alice's drive. Oh, I don't know why she's leaving, or where she's gonna go. I guess she's got her reasons but I just don't wanna know. 'Cause for twenty-four years I've been living next door to Alice. Twenty-four years just waitin' for a chance. To tell her how I feel and maybe get a second glance. Now I gotta get used to not living next door to Alice. Sally called back, and asked how I felt. She said, "I know how to help, get over Alice". She said, "Now Alice is gone, but I'm still here. You know I've been waiting twenty-four years...". And the big limousine disappeared. I don't know why she's leaving, or where she's gonna go. I guess she's got her reasons but I just don't wanna know. 'Cause for twenty-four years I've been living next door to Alice. Twenty-four years just waitin' for a chance. To tell her how I feel and maybe get a second glance. But I'll never get used to not living next door to Alice. Now, I'll never get used to not living next door to AliceI didn't know what day it was. When you walked into the room. I said hello unnoticed. You said goodbye too soon. Breezing through the clientele. Spinning yarns that were so lyrical. I really must confess right here. The attraction was purely physical. I took all those habits of yours. That in the beginning were hard to accept. Your fashion sense, beardsly prints. I put down to experience. The big bosomed lady with the dutch accent. Who tried to change my point of view. Her ad-lib lines were well rehearsed. But my heart cried out for you. You're in my heart, you're in my soul. You'll be my breath should I grow old. You are my lover, you're my best friend. You're in my soul. My love for you is immeasurable. My respect for you immense. You're ageless, timeless, lace and fineness. You're beauty and elegance. You're a rhapsody, a comedy. You're a symphony and a play. You're every love song ever written. But honey, what do you see in me?. You're in my heart, you're in my soul. You'll be my breath should I grow old. You are my lover, you're my best friend. You're in my soul. You're an essay in glamor. Please pardon the grammar. But you're every schoolboy's dream. You're Celtic, united, but baby I've decided. You're the best team I've ever seen. And there have been many affairs. Many times I've thought to leave. But I bite my lip and turn around. 'Cause you're the warmest thing I've ever found. You're in my heart, you're in my soul. You'll be my breath should I grow old. You are my lover, you're my best friend. You're in my soul. You're in my heart, you're in my soul. You'll be my breath should I grow old. You are my lover, you're my best friend. You're in my soul. You're in my heart, you're in my soul. You'll be my breath should I grow old. You are my lover, you're my best friend. You're in my soulFleetwood Mac. Rumours. Go Your Own Way. (Lindsey Buckingham). . Loving you. Isn't the right thing to do. How can I ever change things. That I feel. . If I could. Maybe I'd give you my world. How can I. When you won't take it from me. . You can go your own way. Go your own way. You an call it. Another lonely day. You can go your own way. Go your own way. . Tell me why. Everything turned around. Packing up. Shacking up is all you wanna do. . If I could. Baby I'd give you my world. Open up. Everything's waiting for you. . You can go your own way. Go your own way. You an call it. Another lonely day. You can go your own way. go your own wayBabe, you're getting closer. The lights are goin' dim. The sound of your breathin'. Has made the mood I'm in. All of my resistance. Lying on the floor. Taking me to places. I've never been before. Ooh, and I can feel it. Feel it, feel it, feel it. Way down where the music plays. Way down like a tidal wave. Way down where the fires blaze. Way down, down. Way, way on down. Way on down. Ooh, my head is spinnin'. You got me in your spell. A hundred magic fingers. It's whirling carousel. The medicine within me. No doctor could prescribe. Your love is doing something. That I just can't describe. Ooh, and I can feel it. Feel it, feel it, feel it. Way down where the music plays. Way down like a tidal wave. Way down where the fires blaze. Way down, down. Way, way on down. Way on down. Hold me again, tight as you can. I need you so, baby, let's go. Way down where it feels so good. Way down where I hoped it would. Way down where I never could. Way down, down. Way, way on down. Way on down. Way on downNow here you go again. You say you want your freedom. Well, who am I to keep you down?. It's only right that you should. Play the way you feel it. But listen carefully to the sound. Of your loneliness. Like a heartbeat, drives you mad. In the stillness of remembering what you had. And what you lost. And what you had. And what you lost. Oh, thunder only happens when it's raining. Players only love you when they're playing. They say women, they will come and they will go. When the rain washes you clean, you'll know. You'll know. Now here I go again. I see the crystal vision. I keep my visions to myself. It's only me who wants to. Wrap around your dreams and. Have you any dreams you'd like to sell?. Dreams of loneliness. Like a heartbeat, drives you mad. In the stillness of remembering what you had. And what you lost. And what you had. Ooh, what you lost. Thunder only happens when it's raining. Players only love you when they're playing. Women, they will come and they will go. When the rain washes you clean you'll know. Oh, thunder only happens when it's raining. Players only love you when they're playing. They say women, they will come and they will go. When the rain washes you clean you'll know. You'll know. You will know. Oh, you'll knowThere's talk on the street, it sounds so familiar. Great expectations, everybody's watching you. People you meet they all seem to know you. Even your old friends treat you like you're something new. Johnny come lately, the new kid in town. Everybody loves you, so don't let them down. You look in her eyes, the music begins to play. Hopeless romantics, here we go again. But after a while you're looking the other way. It's those restless hearts that never mend. Johnny come lately, the new kid in town. Will she still love you, when you're not around?. There's so many things you should have told her. But night after night you're willing to hold her. Just hold her tears on your shoulder. There's talk on the street, it's there to remind you. That it doesn't really matter which side you're on. You're walking away and they're talking behind you. They will never forget you till somebody new comes along. Where you've been lately? There's a new kid in town. Everybody loves him, don't they?. Now he's holding her and you're still around, oh my my. There's a new kid in town. Just another new kid in town. Oh oh, everybody's talking 'bout the new kid in town. Oh oh, everybody's walking like the new kid in town. There's a new kid in town, I don't want to hear it. There's a new kid in town, I don't want to hear it. There's a new kid in town. There's a new kid in town. There's a new kid in town, everybody's talking. There's a new kid in town, people started walking. There's a new kid in town. There's a new kid in town. There's a new kid in townIf you wake up and don't want to smile. If it takes just a little while. Open your eyes and look at the day. You'll see things in a different way. Don't stop thinking about tomorrow. Don't stop, it'll soon be here. It'll be better than before. Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone. Why not think about times to come?. And not about the things that you've done. If your life was bad to you. Just think what tomorrow will do. Don't stop thinking about tomorrow. Don't stop, it'll soon be here. It'll be better than before. Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone. All I want is to see you smile. If it takes just a little while. I know you don't believe that it's true. I never meant any harm to you. Don't stop thinking about tomorrow. Don't stop, it'll soon be here. It'll be better than before. Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone. Don't stop thinking about tomorrow. Don't stop, it'll soon be here. It'll be better than before. Yesterday's gone, yesterday's gone. Ooh. Don't you look back. Ooh. Don't you look back. Ooh. Don't you look back. Ooh. Don't you look backNAHello, how are you?. Have you been alright, through all those lonely. Lonely lonely lonely lonely nights?. That's what I'd say, I'd tell you everything. If you'd pick up that telephone, yeah yeah yeah. Hey, how you feelin'?. Are you still the same?. Don't you realize the things we did, we did. Were all for real, not a dream?. I just can't believe they've all faded out of view. Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah. Doowop dooby doo doowop. Doowah doolang. Blue days, black nights. Doowah doolang. When I look into the sky. The love you need ain't gonna see you through. And I wonder why. The little things you planned ain't coming true. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some time, I'm living in twilight. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some time, I'm living in twilight. Okay, so no one's answering. Well can't you just let it ring a little longer, longer, longer?. I'll just sit tight through shadows of the night. Let it ring for evermore, oh yeah yeah yeah. Doowop dooby doo doowop. Doowah doolang. Blue days, black nights. Doowah doolang. When I look into the sky. The love you need ain't gonna see you through. And I wonder why. The little things you planned ain't coming true. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some time, I'm living in twilight. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some time, I'm living in twilight. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some time, I'm living in twilight. Oh, oh telephone line. Give me some timeO'day Alan. Miscellaneous. Undercover Angel. Crying on my pillow, lonely in my bed,. Then I heard a voice beside me and she softly said,. "Thunder is your night light, magic is your dream.". And then as I held her, she said, "See what I mean?". I said, "What?" She said, "Ooh-ooh-ooh, whee.". I said, "All right!" She said, "Love me, love me, love me!". Undercover angel, midnight fantasy,. I never had a dream that made sweet love to me.. Undercover angel, answer to my prayer,. You made me know that there's a love for me out there.. Somewhere. Yeah, somewhere.. Heavenly surrender, sweet afterglow (undercover),. I'm giving up my heart to you, now angel don't go.. She said, "Go find the right one, love her and then (undercover),. When you look into her eyes you'll see me again.". I said, "What?" She said, "Ooh-ooh-ooh, whee.". I said, "All right!" She said, "Love me, love me, love me!". Somewhere. Whoa, somewhere.. Now you know my story, and girl, if it's right,. I'm gonna take you in my arms and love you tonight.. Underneath the covers, being so nice,. I'm looking for my angel in your sweet-loving eyes.. (undercover, undercover, undercover, etc.). She said, "What?" I said, "Ooh-ooh-ooh, whee.". She said, "All right!" I said, "Get next to me.". She said, "What?" I said, "Ooh-ooh-ooh, whee.". She said, "All right!" I said, "Love me, love me, love me!". Undercover angel, midnight fantasy,. I've never had a dream that made sweet love to me.. Undercover angel, answer to my prayer,. You made me know that there's a love for me (you made me).. Love me, love me, love me!. Undercover angel, midnight fantasy,. I've never had a dream that made sweet love to me.If you want my sympathy. Just open your heart to me. And you'll get whatever you'll ever need. You think that's too high for you. Oh baby, I would die for you. When there's nothing left. You know where I'll be. Lay back in the arms of someone. Give in to the charms of someone. Lay back in the arms of some one you love. Lay back in the arms of someone. When you feel you're a part of someone. Lay back in the arms of someone you love. So baby just call on me. When you want all of me. I'll be your lover. I'll be your friend. And there's nothing I won't do. 'Cause baby I just live for you. With nothing to hide. No need to pretend. Oh. Lay back in the arms of someone. You give in to the charms of someone. Lay back in the arms of some one you love. Baby. Lay back in the arms of someone. When you feel you're a part of someone. Lay back in the arms of someone you love. Oh I know you think that's too high for you. Oh baby I would die for you. When there's nothing left. I'll be with you. Oh. Lay back in the arms of someone. You give in to the charms of someone. Lay back in the arms of some one you love. Baby. Lay back in the arms of someone. When you feel you're a part of someone. Lay back in the arms of someone you love. Oh yeahSo this ain't the end, I saw you again, today. I had to turn my heart away. Smiled like the sun, kisses for everyone. And tales, it never fails. You lying so low in the weeds. I bet you gonna ambush me. You'd have me down, down, down on my knees. Now wouldn't you, Barracuda? Oh. Back over time we were all trying for free. You met the porpoise and me. No right, no wrong you're selling a song, a name. Whisper game. If the real thing don't do the trick. You better make up something quick. You gonna burn, burn, burn, burn, burn to the wick. Oooo, Barracuda, oh yeah. "Sell me, sell you" the porpoise said. Dive down deep to save my head. You, I think you got the blues too. All that night and all the next. Swam without looking back. Made for the western pools, silly, silly fools. If the real thing don't do the trick, no. You better make up something quick. You gonna burn, burn, burn, burn, burn it to the wick. Oooo, Barra-BarracudaNAWhoa, black betty (bam-A-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-A-lam). Black betty had a child (bam-A-lam). The damn thing gone wild (bam-A-lam). She said "I'm worrin' outta my mind" (bam-A-lam). The damn thing gone blind (bam-A-lam). I said oh black betty (bam-A-lam). whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). She really gets me high (bam-BA-lam). You know that's no lie (bam-BA-lam). She's so rock steady (bam-BA-lam). She's always ready (bam-BA-lam). whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). She's from birmingham (bam-BA-lam). Way down in alabam' (bam-BA-lam). Well' shes shakin' that thing (bam-BA-lam). Boy she makes me sing (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty (bam-BA-lam). Whoa, black betty. BAM-BA-LAMOoh yea. Alright. Here we go again. De de. Oh oh. Na na. Hey hey. Give a little bit. Give a little bit of your love to me. I'll give a little bit. I'll give a little bit of my love to you. There's so much that we need to share. So send a smile and show you care. (Alright). I'll give a little bit. I'll give a little bit of my life for you. So give a little bit. Give a little bit of your time to me. See the man with the lonely eyes. Oh, take his hand, you'll be surprised. (Oh take his hand). Come along. Yea yea yea yea. Yea yea yea yea yea yea yea.   (Aaa). (Louder). Give a little bit. Give a little bit of your love to me. I'll give a little bit. I'll give a little bit of my life for you. Now's the time that we need to share. So find yourself, we're on our way back home. Ohh goin' home. Don't you need, don't you need to feel at home?. Oh yea, we gotta sing. Ooh yea, gotta get a feelin'. Ooh, yea, come along too. Oh come along too. Come come come come along. Ooh yea come along. Say take a look, come along too. Come along right. Come along way. Sing it tonight. Ooh oohI don't care where I go. When I'm with you. When I cry, you don't laugh. 'Cause you know me. I'm in you, you're in me. I'm in you, you're in me. 'Cause you gave me the love. Love that I never had. Yes, you gave me the love. Love that I never had. You and I don't pretend. We make love. I can't feel any more. Than I'm singing, yeah. I'm in you, you're in me. I'm in you, you're in me. 'Cause you gave me the love. Love that I never had. You gave me the love. Love that I never had. Come so far when you think. Of last fall. You can't buy what we made. You and I, oh. I'm in you, you're in me. I'm in you, you're in me. 'Cause you gave me the love. Love that I never had. Yes, you gave me the love. Love that I never had. You gave me the love. Love that I never had. I don't care where I go. When I'm withThe city streets are empty now. (The lights don't shine no more). And so the songs are way down low. (Turning, turning, turning). A sound that flows into my mind. (The echoes of the daylight). Of everything that is alive. (In my blue world). I turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. Turn to stone. When you comin' home. I can't go on. The dying embers of the night. (A fire that slowly fades till dawn). Still glow upon the wall so bright. (Turning, turning, turning). The tired streets that hide away. (From here to everywhere they go). Roll past my door into the day. (In my blue world). I turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. Turn to stone. When you comin' home. I can't go on. Turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. Yes, I'm turnin' to stone. 'Cause you ain't comin' home. Why you ain't comin' home. If I'm turnin' to stone?. You've been gone for so long. And I can't carry on. Yes, I'm turnin', I'm turnin'. I'm turnin' to stone. The dancing shadows on the wall. (The two step in the hall). Are all I see since you've been gone. (Turning, turning, turning). Through all I sit here and I wait. (I turn to stone, I turn to stone). You will return again someday. (To my blue world). I turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. Turn to stone. When you comin' home. I can't go on. Turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. I turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stone. Turn to stone. When you comin' home. I can't go on. Turn to stone. When you are gone. I turn to stoneNumber please. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. For your love, for your love. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. On the hot line. I'm calling on the hot line for your love. Baby, 'cause I'm burnin' up. Like a house on fire. My desire is climbin' higher, baby. Girl, the way you move your lips. I can tell you got fire in your kiss. The way you flash your eyes. Looks like lightnin' lightin' up the sky. Stop all the calls in the world. Till I catch you, girl. Catch you at home. I asked the C.I.A.. If it was okay to use their private phone. Oh, baby, baby. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. For your love, for your love. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. On the hot line. Operator, excuse me please. But this is more than an emergency. Take those phones off-a your ears. 'Cause this is only for my baby to hear. Stop all the calls in the world. Till I catch you, girl. Catch you at home. I asked the C.I.A.. They said it was okay to use their private phone. Oh, baby, baby. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. For your love, for your love. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. On the hot line. Baby, where are you? Here am I. Should I get in touch with the F.B.I.. I know my call will be accepted. There's no chance of bein' disconnected. On the hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. For your love, for your love. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. On the hot line. Don't keep it busy, don't make me dizzy. Your love makes me want to shout. You're my lover, undercover. You know what I'm talkin' about. Hot line, hot line. Calling on the hot line. For your love, for your loveLost and all alone. I always thought that I could make it on my own. Since you left, I hardly make it through the day. My tears get in the way. And I need you back to stay. I wander through the night. And search the world to find the words to make it right. All I want is just the way it used to be. With you here close to me. I've got to make you see. That I'm lost without your love. Life without you isn't worth the trouble of. And I'm as helpless as a ship without a wheel. A touch without a feel. I can't believe it's real. And someday soon I'll wake. And find my heart won't have to break. Yes I'm lost without your love. Life without you isn't worth the trouble of. All I want is just the way it used to be. I need you here with me. Oh darlin' can't you see?. If we had love before. We can have it back once moreBackstroke lover always hidin' 'neath the covers. 'Til I talked to your daddy he say. He said you ain't seen nothin' 'til you're down on a MUFF AND. Then you're sure to be a-changin' your way. I met a cheerleader was a real young breeder. Oh the times I could reminisce. 'Cause the best things of lovin' with her sister and her cousin. Only started with a little kiss. A like this. . See-saw swingin' with the boys in the school. And your feet flyin' up in the air. Singin' hey diddle diddle. With your kitty in the middle of the swing like you didn't care. So I took a big chance at the high school dance. With a missy who was ready to play. Wasn't me she was foolin' 'cause she knew what she was doin'. And I know love was here to stay. When she told me to. . Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. . A just gimme a kiss. Like this. . School girl sweetie with a sassy kinda classy. Little skirt's climbin' way up the knee. It was three young ladies in a school gym locker. When I noticed they were lookin' at me. I was a high school loser never made it with a lady. 'Til the boys told me something I missed. Then my next door neighbor with a daughter had a favor. So I gave her just a little kiss. A like this. . Seesaw swingin' with the boys in the school. And your feet flyin' up in the air. I sing hey diddle diddy. Wit'cha kitty in the middle of the swing like ya didn't care. So I took a big chance at the high school dance. With a missy who was ready to play. Wasn't me she was foolin' 'cause she knew what she was doin'. When she told me how to walk this way. She told me to. . Walk this way. Talk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Walk this way. Talk this way. . A just gimme a kiss. Like thisYou're as cold as ice. You're willing to sacrifice our love. You never take advice. Someday you'll pay the price, I know. I've seen it before it happens all the time. You're closing the door, you leave the world behind. You're digging for gold yet throwing away. A fortune in feelings but someday you'll pay. You're as cold as ice. You're willing to sacrifice our love. You want paradise. But someday you'll pay the price, I know. I've seen it before it happens all the time. You're closing the door, you leave the world behind. You're digging for gold yet throwing away. A fortune in feelings but someday you'll pay. Cold as ice, you know that you are. Cold, cold, as, as, ice as cold as ice to me. Cold, cold, as, as, ice. Ooh, ooh, ooh, you're as cold as ice. You're as cold as ice. You're as cold as ice, cold as ice, I know. You're as cold as ice, yes I know. You're as cold as ice, cold as ice, I know. You're as cold as ice, oh yes I know. ...Sweet wonderful you. You make me happy with the things you do. Oh, can it be so. This feeling follows me wherever I go. I never did believe in miracles. But I've a feeling it's time to try. I never did believe in the ways of magic. But I'm beginning to wonder why. I never did believe in miracles. But I've a feeling it's time to try. I never did believe in the ways of magic. But I'm beginning to wonder why. Don't, don't break the spell. It would be different and you know it will. You, you make loving fun and I don't have to tell you. But you're the only one. You make loving fun. You make loving fun. You make loving fun. You make loving funI, I will be king. And you, you will be queen. Though nothing will drive them awaqy. We can beat them, just for one day. We can be Heroes, just for one day. . And you, you can be mean. And I, I'll drink all the time. 'Cause we're lovers, and that is a fact. Yes we're lovers, and that is that. . Though nothing, will keep us together. We could steal time, just for one day. We can be Heroes, for ever and ever. What d'you say?. . I, I wish you could swim. Like the dolphins, like dolphins can swim. Though nothing, nothing will keep us together. We can beat them, for ever and ever. Oh we can be Heroes, just for one day. . I, I will be king. And you, you will be queen. Though nothing will drive them away. We can be Heroes, just for one day. We can be us, just for one day. . I, I can remember (I remember). Standing, by the wall (by the wall). And the guns, shot above our heads (over our heads). And we kissed, as though nothing could fall (nothing could fall). And the shame, was on the other side. Oh we can beat them, for ever and ever. Then we could be Heroes, just for one day. . We can be Heroes. We can be Heroes. We can be Heroes. Just for one day. We can be Heroes. . We're nothing, and nothing will help us. Maybe we're lying, then you better not stay. But we could be safer, just for one day. . Oh-oh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh-ohhNAOutside the rain begins. And it may never end, so cry no more. On the shore a dream will take us out to sea. Forever more, forever more. Close your eyes and dream. And you can be with me. 'Neath the waves, through the caves of ours, long forgotten now. We're all alone, we're all alone. Close the window, calm the light. And it will be all right. No need to bother now. Let it out, let it all begin. Learn how to pretend. Once a story's told. It can't help but grow old. Roses do, lovers too, so cast your seasons to the wind. And hold me, dear, ohh, hold me, dear. Close the window, calm the light. And it will be all right. No need to bother now. Let it out, let it all begin, all's forgotten now. We're all alone, ohh, we're all alone. Close the window, calm the light. And it will be all right. No need to bother now. Let it out, let it all begin, owe it to the wind, my loveNAI saw her today. I saw her face. It was a face I loved and I knew. I had to run away. And get down on my knees and pray. That they'd go away. And still they begin. Needles and pins. Because of all my pride. The tears I gotta hide. Oh, I thought I was smart. I'd won a heart, didn't think I do. But now you see. She's worse to him than me. Let her go ahead. And take his love instead. And one day she will see. Just how to say "Please". And get down on her knees. That's how they begin. You'll feel those needles and pins. Hurtin' her, hurtin' her. What can't I stop. And tell myself I'm wrong, I'm wrong, so wrong?. What can't I stand up. And tell myself I'm strong?. Because I saw her today. I saw her face. It was a face I loved and I knew. I had to run away. And get down on my knees and pray. That they'd go away. And still they begin. Needles and pins. Because of all my pride. The tears I gotta hide. Needles and pins. Needles and pins. Needles and pins. ...Climbing up on Solsbury Hill. I could see the city light. Wind was blowing, time stood still. Eagle flew out of the night. He was something to observe. Came in close, I heard a voice. Standing stretching every nerve. Had to listen had no choice. I did not believe the information. (I) just had to trust imagination. My heart going boom boom boom. "Son," he said "Grab your things,. I've come to take you home.". . To keep in silence I resigned. My friends would think I was a nut. Turning water into wine. Open doors would soon be shut. So I went from day to day. Tho' my life was in a rut. "Till I thought of what I'd say. Which connection I should cut. I was feeling part of the scenery. I walked right out of the machinery. My heart going boom boom boom. "Hey" he said "Grab your things. I've come to take you home.". (Back home.). . When illusion spin her net. I'm never where I want to be. And liberty she pirouette. When I think that I am free. Watched by empty silhouettes. Who close their eyes but still can see. No one taught them etiquette. I will show another me. Today I don't need a replacement. I'll tell them what the smile on my face meant. My heart going boom boom boom. "Hey" I said "You can keep my things,. they've come to take me home."Sometimes the love rhymes that fill that afternoon. Lose all their meaning with the rising moon. Hold me and tell me that the words you say are true. Answer the question I must ask of you. Do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. I guarantee it will bring you down, if you try and fool yourself. Do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. You can take it seriously or take it somewhere else. Take all the freedom that a lover will allow. If you feel the feeling that I'm feeling now. Where love goes, a fool knows that the hurt can go as deep. Don't make a promise that you cannot keep. Do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. I guarantee it will bring you down, if you try and fool yourself. Do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. You can take it seriously or take it somewhere else. If you wanna get close to me. You could do it so easily. Is it love that I see when I look in your eyes. Or just another empty lie?. Do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. I guarantee it will bring you down, if you try and fool yourself. Well, do you wanna make love or do you just want to fool around?. You can take it seriously or take it somewhere elseJimmy Buffett. Miscellaneous. Margaritaville. . By: Jimmy Buffett . 1977 . Nibblin' on sponge cake . Watchin' the sun bake . All of those tourists covered with oil . Strummin' my six-string . On my front porch swing . Smell those shrimp they're beginnin' to boil . Chorus: . Wastin' away again in Margaritaville . Searching for my lost shaker of salt . Some people claim that there's a woman to blame . But I know it's nobody's fault . I don't know the reason . I stayed here all season . Nothin' to show but this brand new tattoo . But it's a real beauty . A Mexican cutie . How it got here I haven't a clue . Chorus: . Wastin' away again in Margaritaville . Searchin' for my lost shaker of salt . Some people claim that there's a woman to blame . Now I think . Hell, it could be my fault . I blew out my flip-flop . Stepped on a pop-top . Cut my heel had to cruise on back home . But there's booze in the blender . And soon it will render . That frozen concoction that helps me hang on . Wastin' away again in Margaritaville . Searching for my lost shaker of salt . Some people claim that there's a woman to blame . But I know it's my own damn fault . Yes and some people claim that there's a woman to blame . And I know it's my own damn faultI was a little too tall could've used a few pounds. Tight pants points hardly renowned. She was a black haired beauty with big dark eyes. And points all her own sitting way up high. Way up firm and high. Out past the cornfields where the woods got heavy. Out in the back seat of my '60 Chevy. Workin' on mysteries without any clues. Workin' on our night moves. Tryin' to make some front page drive in news. Workin' on our night moves. In the summertime. M-m-m-m.... In the sweet summertime. (ooh...) We weren't in love oh no far from it. (ooh-ooh-ooh) We weren't searchin' for some pie in the sky summit. (ooh...) We were just young and restless and bored. (ooh-ooh-ooh) Livin' by the sword. (ooh...) And we'd steal away every chance we could. (ooh-ooh-ooh) Backroom to the alley or the trusty woods. (ooh...) I used her she used me but neither one cared. (ooh-ooh-ooh) We were gettin' our share. Workin' on our night moves. Tryin' to lose the (ooh... ooh-ooh) awkward teenage blues. Workin' on our night moves. M-m-m-m.... And it was summertime. M-m-m-m.... Sweet summertime summertime. Oh... wonder. Felt the lightning yeah. Waited on the thunder. Waited on the thunder. I woke last night to the sound of thunder. How far off I sat and wondered. Started hummin' a song from 1962. Ain't it funny how the night moves. When you just don't seem to have as much to lose. Strange how the night moves. With autumn closin' in. M-m-m-m.... Night moves. M-m-m-m .... (night moves) Night moves. (night moves) Yeah. (night moves) Remember. (night moves) Ah, sure remember the night moves. (night moves) Aint it funny how you remember. (night moves) Funny how you remember. (night moves) I remember I remember I remember I remember (night moves). Oh... oh whoa. (night moves) And we were workin'. Workin' and practicin'. (night moves). Workin' and practicin'. (night moves) All of the night moves. Night moves (night moves). Oh... (night moves) I remember. Yeah-yeah-yeah (night moves) I remember. Ooh... (night moves) I remember. Lord I remember lord I remember (night moves). Haa... oh... (ooh...). Ooh... ooh ooh (ooh...) oh... yeah-yeah-yeah. (ooh...) Uh-huh (ooh...) uh-huh. (ooh...) I remember I rememberDon't you wonder sometimes. 'Bout sound and vision. Blue, blue, electric blue. That's the color of my room. Where I will live. Blue, blue. Pale blinds drawn all day. Nothing to do, nothing to say. Blue, blue. I will sit right down. Waiting for the gift of sound and vision. And I will save you. Waiting for the gift of sound and vision. Drifting into my solitary, over my head. Don't you wonder sometimes. 'Bout sound and visionWinding your way down on Baker Street. Light in your head and dead on your feet. Well, another crazy day. You'll drink the night away. And forget about everything. This city desert makes you feel so cold. It's got so many people, but it's got no soul. And it's taken you so long. To find out you were wrong. When you thought it held everything. You used to think that it was so easy. You used to say that it was so easy. But you're trying, you're trying now. Another year and then you'd be happy. Just one more year and then you'd be happy. But you're crying, you're crying now. Way down the street there's a light in his place. He opens the door, he's got that look on his face. And he asks you where you've been. You tell him who you've seen. And you talk about anything. He's got this dream about buying some land. He's gonna give up the booze and the one-night stands. And then he'll settle down. In some quiet little town. And forget about everything. But you know he'll always keep moving. You know he's never gonna stop moving. 'Cause he's rolling, he's the rolling stone. And when you wake up, it's a new morning. The sun is shining, it's a new morning. And you're going, you're going homeI've been holding out so long. I've been sleeping all alone. Lord, I miss you. I've been hanging on the phone. I've been sleeping all alone. I want to kiss you. Well, I've been haunted in my sleep. You've been starring in my dreams. Lord, I miss you. I've been waiting in the hall. Been waiting on your call. When the phone rings. It's just some friends of mine that say. "Hey, what's the matter man?. We're gonna come around at twelve. With some Puerto Rican girls that's just dyin' to meet you". "We're gonna bring a case of wine. Hey, let's go mess and fool around. You know, like we used to". Oh, everybody waits so long. Oh baby, why you wait so long?. Won't you come home, come home?. I've been walking Central Park. Singing after dark. People think I'm crazy. Stumbling on my feet. Shuffling through the street. Ask me people, "What's the matter with you boy?". Sometimes I want to say to myself. Sometimes I say. I won't miss you child. I guess I'm lying to myself. It's just you and no one else. Lord, I won't keep you child. You've been blotting out my mind. Fooling on my time. No, I won't miss you, baby, yeah. Lord, I miss you child. Lord, I miss you child. Lord, I miss you childOut on the Wiley, windy moors. We'd roll and fall in green. You had a temper like my jealousy. Too hot, too greedy. How could you leave me. When I needed to possess you?. I hated you, I loved you too. Bad dreams in the night. You told me I was going to lose the fight. Leave behind my wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold. let me in your window. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold,. let me in your window. Ooh, it gets dark, it gets lonely. On the other side from you. I pine a lot, I find the lot. Falls through without you. I'm coming back, love. Cruel Heathcliff, my one dream. My only master. Too long I roamed in the night. I'm coming back to his side to put it right. I'm coming home to wuthering, wuthering, wuthering heights. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold. let me in your window. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold,. let me in your window. Ooh, let me have it. Let me grab your soul away. Ooh, let me have it. Let me grab your soul away. You know it's me, Cathyyyyyy. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold,. let me in your window. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so cold,. let me in your window. Heathcliff, it's me, Cathy, I've come home i'm so coldBuddy you're a boy make big noise. Playing in the street gonna be a big man some day. You got mud on your face. You big disgrace. Kickin' your can all over the place. Singin'. We will we will rock you. We will we will rock you. Buddy you're a young man hard man. Shouting in the street gonna take on the world some day. You got blood on your face. You big disgrace. Wavin' your Banner all over the place. We will we will rock you. Singin'. We will we will rock you. Buddy you're an old man poor man. Pleading with your eyes gonna make you some peace some day. You got mud on your face. Big disgrace. Somebody better put you back into your place. We will we will rock you. Singin'. We will we will rock you. Everybody. We will we will rock you. We will we will rock you. AlrigthSpending all my nights, all my money going out on the town. Doing anything just to get you off of my mind. But when the morning comes, I'm right back where I started again. Trying to forget you is just a waste of time. . Baby come back, any kind of fool could see. There was something in everything about you. Baby come back, you can blame it all on me. I was wrong, and I just can't live without you. . All day long, wearing a mask of false bravado. Trying to keep up the smile that hides a tear. But as the sun goes down, I get that empty feeling again. How I wish to God that you were here. . Baby come back, any kind of fool could see. There was something in everything about you. Baby come back, you can blame it all on me. I was wrong, and I just can't live without you. . Now that I put it all together. Give me the chance to make you see. Have you used up all the love in your heart. Nothing left for me, ain't there nothing left for me. . Baby come back, any kind of fool could see. There was something in everything about you. Baby come back, you can blame it all on me. I was wrong and I just can't live without you. I was wrong and I just can't liveWith a little luck, we can help it out.. We can make this whole damn thing work out.. With a little love, we can lay it down.. Can't you feel the town exploding?. There is no end to what we can do together.. There is no end, there is no end.. The wiliow turns his back on inclement weather;. And if he can do it, we can do it, just me and you,. And a little luck, we can clear it up.. We can bring it in for a landing,. With a little luck, we can turn it on.. There can be no misunderstanding.. There is no end to what we can do together.. There is no end, there is no end.. The willow turns his back on inclement weather;. We can do it, just me and you.. With a little push, we could set it off.. We can send it rocketing skywards.. With a little love, we could shake it up.. Don't you feel the comet exploding?. With a little luck.. With a little luck.. With a little luck, a little luck, a little luck.. With a little luck.. With a little luck.. With a little luck, a little luck, a little luck.. PAUL MCCARTNEY & WINGSIt's late in the evening, she's wondering what clothes to wear. She puts on her make up and brushes her long blonde hair. And then she asks me, "Do I look alright?". And I say, "Yes, you look wonderful tonight". We go to a party and everyone turns to see. This beautiful lady, that's walking around with me. And then she asks me, "Do you feel alright?". And I say, "Yes, I feel wonderful tonight". And I feel wonderful. Because I see the love light in your eyes. And the wonder of it all. Is that you just don't realize how much I love you. It's time to go home now and I've got an aching head. So I give her the car keys and she helps me to bed. And then I tell her, as I turn out the light. I say, "My darling, you were wonderful tonight. Oh my darling, you were wonderful tonight"Stay with me. My love, I hope you'll always be. Right here by my side, if ever I need you. Oh my love. In your arms. I feel so safe, and so secure. Everyday, is such a perfect day to spend. Alone with you. I will follow you, will you follow me?. All the days and nights that we know will be. I will stay with you, will you stay with me?. Just one single tear in each passing year. With the dark. Oh I see so very clearly now. All my fears, are drifting by me so slowly now. Fading away. I can say. The night is long, but you are here. Close at hand, oh I'm better for the smile you give. And while I live. I will follow you, will you follow me?. All the days and nights that we know will be. I will stay with you, will you stay with me?. Just one single tear in each passing year there will be. I will follow you, will you follow me?. All the days and nights that we know will be. I will stay with you, will you stay with me?. Just one single tear in each passing year. I will follow you, will you follow me?. All the days and nights that we know will be. I will stay with you, will you stay with me?. Just one single tear in each passing yearI close my eyes. Only for a moment and the moment's gone. All my dreams. Pass before my eyes with curiosity. Dust in the wind. All they are is dust in the wind. Same old song. Just a drop of water in an endless sea. All we do. Crumbles to the ground, though we refuse to see.   (Aa aa aa). Dust in the wind. All we are is dust in the wind. Oh, ho, ho. Now don't hang on. Nothin' last forever but the earth and sky. It slips away. And all your money won't another minute buy. Dust in the wind. All we are is dust in the wind.   (All we are is dust in the wind). Dust in the wind.   (Everything is dust in the wind). Everything is dust in the wind. (In the wind). (Ooo). (Ooo). (Ooo)Oh denis doo-be-do, i'm in love with you.. Denis doo-be-do, i'm in love with you.. Denis doo-be-do, i'm in love with you.. Denis denis, oh with your eyes so blue.... Denis denis, i've got a crush on you.. Denis denis, i'm so in love with you.. Oh when we walk it always feels so nice,. And when we talk it seems like paradise.. Denis denis i'm so in love with you.. You're my king and i'm in heaven every time i look at you!. When you smile it's like a dream.... And i'm so lucky 'cause i found a boy like you!. (denis denis, oh won't you hold me tight?. Denis denis, please can we kiss all night?. Denis denis, i'm so in love with you.). Denis denis, avec tes yeux si bleux, (with your eyes so blue,). Denis denis, moi j'ai flashe a nous deux. (i'm always thinking about us.). Denis denis, un grand baiser d'eternite. (one deep kiss that will last for ever.). Denis denis, je suis si folle de toi. (i'm so crazy about you.). Denis denis, oh embrasse-moi ce soir. (please kiss me tonight.). Denis denis, un grand baiser d'eternite. (one deep kiss that will last all night.)Well I remember every little thing. As if it happened only yesterday. Parking by the lake. And there was not another car in sight. And I never had a girl. Looking any better than you did. And all the kids at school. They were wishing they were me that night. And now our bodies are oh so close and tight. It never felt so good, it never felt so right. And we're glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife. Glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife. C'mon! Hold on tight!. C'mon! Hold on tight!. Thought it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night. I can see paradise by the dashboard light. Ain't no doubt about it. We were doubly blessed. 'Cause we were barely seventeen. And we were barely dressed. Ain't no doubt about it. Baby got to go and shout it. Ain't no doubt about it. We were doubly blessed. 'Cause we were barely seventeen. And we were barely dressed. Baby don't you hear my heart. You got it drowning out the radio. I've been waiting so long. For you to come along and have some fun. And I gotta let you know. No you're never gonna regret it. So open up your eyes I got a big surprise. It'll feel all right. Well I wanna make your motor run. And now our bodies are oh so close and tight. It never felt so good, it never felt so right. And we're glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife. Glowing like the metal on the edge of a knife. C'mon! Hold on tight!. C'mon! Hold on tight!. Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night. I can see paradise by the dashboard light. Though it's cold and lonely in the deep dark night. Paradise by the dashboard light. You got to do what you can. And let Mother Nature do the rest. Ain't no doubt about it. We were doubly blessed. 'Cause we were barely seventeen. And we were barely. We're gonna go all the way tonight. We're gonna go all the way. And tonight's the night.... We're gonna go all the way tonight. We're gonna go all the way. And tonight's the night.... We're gonna go all the way tonight. We're gonna go all the way. And tonight's the night.... We're gonna go all the way tonight. We're gonna go all the way. And tonight's the night.... OK, here we go, we got a real pressure cooker going here,. Two down, nobody on, no score, bottom of the ninth,. There's the windup, and there it is, a line shot up the middle,. Look at him go. This boy can really fly! He's rounding first and really. turning it on now, he's not letting up at all, he's gonna try for. second; the ball is bobbled out in center, and here comes the. throw, and what a throw! He's gonna slide in head first, here he. comes, he's out! No, wait, safe-safe at second base, this kid. really makes things happen out there. Batter steps up to the. plate, here's the pitch-he's going, and what a jump he's got,. he's trying for third, here's the throw, it's in the dirt-safe at. third! Holy cow, stolen base! He's taking a pretty big lead out. there, almost daring him to try and pick him off. The pitcher. glances over, winds up, and it's bunted, bunted down the third. base line, the suicide squeeze is on! Here he comes, squeeze. play, it's gonna be close, holy cow, I think he's gonna make it!. Stop right there!. I gotta know right now!. Before we go any further!. Do you love me?. Will you love me forever?. Do you need me?. Will you never leave me?. Will you make me so happy for the rest of my life?. Will you take me away and will you make me your wife?. Do you love me!?. Will you love me forever!?. Do you need me!?. Will you never leave me!?. Will you make me happy for the rest of my life!?. Will you take me away and will you make me your wife!?. I gotta know right now. Before we go any further. Do you love me!?. Will you love me forever!?. Let me sleep on it. Baby, baby let me sleep on it. Let me sleep on it. And I'll give you an answer in the morning. Let me sleep on it. Baby, baby let me sleep on it. Let me sleep on it. And I'll give you an answer in the morning. Let me sleep on it. Baby, baby let me sleep on it. Let me sleep on it. And I'll give you an answer in the morning. I gotta know right now. Do you love me?. Will you love me forever?. Do you need me?. Will you never leave me?. Will you make me so happy for the rest of my life?. Will you take me away and will you make me your wife?. I gotta know right now!. Before we go any further. Do you love me?. And will you love me forever?. What's it going to be boy?. C'mon I can wait all night.. What's it gonna be boy? Yes or no?. What's it gonna be boy?. Yes ... Or ... No?. Let me sleep on it. Baby, baby let me sleep on it. Let me sleep on it. And I'll give you an answer in the morning. I gotta know right now!. Let me sleep on it (do you love me?). Will you love me forever? (Baby baby, let me sleep on it). Do you need me?. Will you never leave me?. Will you make me so happy for the rest of my life? (Let me sleep on it). Will you take me away, will you make me your wife? (I'll give you an answer in the morning). I gotta know right now,. before we go any further. Do you love me? Will you love me forever?. Let me sleep on it! (will you love me forever?). Let me sleep on it! (will you love me forever?). I couldn't take it any longer. Lord I was crazed. And when the feeling came upon me. Like a tidal wave. I started swearing to my god and on my mother's grave. That I would love you to the end of time. I swore that I would love you to the end of time!. So now I'm praying for the end of time. To hurry up and arrive. 'Cause if I gotta spend another minute with you. I don't think that I can really survive. I'll never break my promise or forget my vow. But God only knows what I can do right now. I'm praying for the end of time. It's all that I can do. Praying for the end of time,. So I can end my time with you!. It was long ago and it was far away. And it was so much better that it is today. It was long ago and it was far away. And it was so much better that it is today. It was long ago and it was far away. And it was so much better that it is today. It was long ago and it was far away. And it was so much better that it is today. It was long ago and it was far away. And it was so much better that it is todayNAShort People got no reason. Short People got no reason. Short People got no reason. To live. . They got little hands. Little eyes. They walk around. Tellin' great big lies. They got little noses. And tiny little teeth. They wear platform shoes. On their nasty little feet. . Well, I don't want no Short People. Don't want no Short People. Don't want no Short People. `Round here. . Short People are just the same. As you and I. (A Fool Such As I). All men are brothers. Until the day they die. (It's A Wonderful World). . Short People got nobody. Short People got nobody. Short People got nobody. To love. . They got little baby legs. That stand so low. You got to pick 'em up. Just to say hello. They got little cars. That got beep, beep, beep. They got little voices. Goin' peep, peep, peep. They got grubby little fingers. And dirty little minds. They're gonna get you every time. Well, I don't want no Short People. Don't want no Short People. Don't want no Short People. 'Round hereMaybe we can talk all night,. but that ain't getting us nowhere. I told you everything I possibly can,. there's nothin' left inside of here. And maybe you can cry all night,. but that'll never change the way that I feel. The snow is really piling up outside,. I wish you wouldn't make me leave here. I poured it on and I poured it out,. I tried to show you just how much I care. I'm tired of words and I'm too hoarse to shout. But you've been cold to me so long,. I'm cryin' icicles instead of tears. And all I can do, is keep on tellin' you. I want you (I want you),. I need you (I need you). But there ain't no way I'm ever gonna love you. Now don't be sad (don't be sad 'cause)'. Cause two out of three ain't bad. Now don't be sad, ('cause). 'cause two out of three ain't bad. You'll never find your gold on a sandy beach. You'll never drill for oil on a city street. I know you're lookin' for a ruby in a mountain of rocks. But there ain't no Coupe de Ville hidin' at the bottom of a Cracker Jack box. I can't lie (I can't lie...). I can't tell you that I'm somethin' I'm not. No matter how I try, I'll never be able. To give you somethin', somethin' that I just haven't got (woh-oh). Well there's only one girl that I will ever love. And that was so many years ago. And though I know I'll never get her out of my heart. She never loved me back, ooh-ooh I know. Well I remember how she left me on a stormy night. Ahh, she kissed me and got out of our bed. And though I pleaded and I begged her not to walk out that door. She packed her bags and turned right away. And she kept on tellin' me,. She kept on tellin' me,. She kept on tellin' me. I want you (I want you). I need you (I need you). But there ain't no way I'm ever gonna love you. Now don't be sad (don't be sad, cause). Cause two out of three ain't bad. I want you (I want you). I need you (I need you). But there ain't no way I'm ever gonna love you. Now don't be sad (don't be sad, cause). Cause two out of three ain't bad. Now don't be sad. Cause two out of three ain't bad. Maybe we can talk all night. But that ain't getting us nowhereLove is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you high. Love is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you high. Time on my side. I got it all. I've heard that pride. Always comes before a fall. There's a rumor goin' around the town. That you don't want me around. I can't shake off my city blues. Everywhere I turn, I lose. Love is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you high. Love is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you high. Time is no healer. If you're not there. Lonely fever. Sad words in the air. Some things are better left unsaid. I'm gonna spend my days in bed. I walk the streets at night. To be hidden by the city light, city light. Love is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you high. Love is like oxygen. You get too much, you get too high. Not enough and you're gonna die. Love gets you highBicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride my bike. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride it where I like. . You say black I say white. You say bark I say bite. You say shark I say hey man . Jaws was never my scene. And I don't like Star Wars. You say Rolls I say Royce. You say God give me a choice. You say Lord I say Christ. I don't believe in Peter Pan. Frankenstein or Superman. All I wanna do is. . Bicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride my bike. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride my. Bicycle races are coming your way. So forget all your duties oh yeah!. Fat bottomed girls they'll be riding today. So look out for those beauties oh yeah. On your marks get set go. Bicycle race bicycle race bicycle race. Bicycle bicycle bicyI want to ride my bicycle. Bicycle bicycle bicycle. Bicycle race. . You say coke I say caine. You say John I say Wayne. Hot dog I say cool it man. I don't wanna be the President of America. You say smile I say cheese. Cartier I say please. Income tax I say Jesus. I don't wanna be a candidate . For Vietnam or Watergate. Cos all I want to do is . . Bicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle bicycle bicycle. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride my bike. I want to ride my bicycle. I want to ride it where I likeWell I've seen you before on that discotheque floor. you were driving me out of my mind. Oh but I could've sworn that I saw something more in your eyes. Oh though you were surrounded by beauty unbounded. your glances intended for me. And though I tried to hide it I found myself looking to see. So then you took your chances you made your advances. Your touch took my breath away. But when you said hello are you ready to go. Well I had just one thing to say.. If you can't give me love honey that ain't enough.. Let me go look for somebody else.. And if you can give me feelings with old fashioned meanings.. Then just stay in love with yourself.. If you can't give me love.. If you can't give me love.. If you can't give me love.. Well you may be a king of this discotheque thing.. But honey I ain't looking for that.. What I need is a man not some sort of aristocrat.. Oh if only you'd waited or just hesitated.. Or maybe just asked me to dance.. But you really don't know why I don't want to go.. Baby that's why we don't stand a chance.. If you can't give me love honey that ain't enoughDear darlin' surprised to hear from me?. Bet you're sittin' drinkin' coffee, yawnin' sleepily. Just to let you know, I'm gonna be home soon. I'm kinda awkward and afraid, time has changed your point of view. How you gonna see me now,please don't see me ugly babe. 'Cause I know I let you down in oh so many ways?. How you gonna see me now, since we've been on our own?. Are you gonna love the man, when the man gets home?. Listen darlin' now I'm heading for the west. I straightened out my head but my old heart is still a mess. Yes I'm worried honey yes that's natural though. It's like I'm waiting for a welcome sign, like a hobo in the snow. How you gonna see me now, please don't see me ugly babe. 'Cause I know I let you down in oh so many ways?. How you gonna see me now, since we've been on our own?. Are you gonna love the man, when the man gets home?. And just like the first time, we're just strangers again. I might have grown out of style in the place I've been. And just like the first time I'll be shakin' inside. When I walk in the door there'll be no place to hide. How you gonna see me now, please don't see me ugly babe. 'Cause I know I let you down in oh so many ways?Friday night it was late I was walking you home we got down to the gate. And I was dreaming of the night. Would it turn out right?. How to tell you girl.... I wanna build my world around you.... Tell you that it's true. I wanna make you understand I'm talking about a lifetime plan.... That's the way it began we were hand in hand. Glenn Miller's band was better than before. We yelled and screamed for more. And the Porter tune. (Night and Day). Made us dance across the room. It ended all too soon. On the way back home I promised you'd never be alone.... Hurry don't be late. I can hardly wait I said to myself when we're old. We'll go dancing in the dark. Walking through the park and reminiscing. Friday night it was late I was walking you home we got down to the gate. And I was dreaming of the night. Would it turn out right?. Now as the years roll on.... Each time we hear our favorite song. The memories come along. Older times we're missing spending the hours reminiscing.... Hurry don't be late. I can hardly wait I said to myself when we're old. We'll go dancing in the dark. (woo ooh-ooh). Walking through the park and reminiscingYou always won every time you placed a bet. You're still damn good, no one's gotten to you yet. Every time they were sure they had you caught. You were quicker than they thought. You'd just turn your back and walk. You always said the cards would never do you wrong. The trick, you said, was never play the game too long. A gambler's share, the only risk that you would take. The only loss you could forsake. The only bluff you couldn't fake. And you're still the same. I caught up with you yesterday. Moving game to game. No one standing in your way. Turning on the charm. Long enough to get you by. You're still the same. You still aim high. There you stood, everybody watched you play. I just turned and walked away. I had nothing left to say. 'Cause you're still the same. You're still the same. Moving game to game. Some things never change. You're still the same8Don't look back, a new day is breakin. It's been too long since I felt this way. I don't mind where I get taken. The road is callin, today is the day. I can see, it took so long just to realize. I'm much too strong not to compromise. Now I see what I am is holding me down. I'll turn it around. I finally see the dawn arrivin. I see beyond the road I'm drivin. It's a bright horizon and I'm awaken. I see myself in a brand new way. The sun is shinin, the clouds are breakin. Cause I can't lose now, there's no game to play. I can tell there's no more time left to criticize. I've seen what I could not recognize. Everything in my life was leading me on. But I can be strong yes I could. I finally see the dawn arrivin. I see beyond the road I'm drivin. Don't look back, a new day is breakin. It's been so long since I felt this way. I don't mind where I get taken. The road is callin, today is the day. I can see, it took so long just to realize. I'm much too strong not to compromise. Now I see what I am is holding me down. I'll turn it around. I finally see the dawn arrivin. I see beyond the road I'm drivin. dont look back. dont look backThere is nothing that is wrong. In wanting you to stay here with me. I know you've got somewhere to go. But won't you make yourself at home and stay with me?. And don't you ever leave. Lay down, Sally and rest you in my arms. Don't you think you want someone to talk to?. Lay down, Sally, no need to leave so soon. I've been trying all night long just to talk to you. Sun ain't nearly on the rise. We still got the moon and stars above. Underneath the velvet skies love is all that matters. Won't you stay with me? Don't you ever leave. Lay down, Sally and rest you in my arms. Don't you think you want someone to talk to?. Lay down, Sally and no need to leave so soon. I've been trying all night long just to talk to you. I long to see the morning light. Coloring your face so dreamily. So don't you go and say goodbye. You can lay your worries down and stay with me. Don't you ever leave. Lay down, Sally and rest you in my arms. Don't you think you want someone to talk to?. Lay down, Sally there's no need to leave so soon. I've been trying all night long just to talk to you. Lay down, Sally and rest you in my arms. But don't you think you want someone to talk to?. Lay down, Sally there's no need to leave so soon. I've been trying all night long just to talk to youWho are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. I woke up in a Soho doorway. A policeman knew my name. He said "You can go sleep at home tonight. If you can get up and walk away". I staggered back to the underground. And the breeze blew back my hair. I remember throwin' punches around. And preachin' from my chair. Well, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Tell me, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). 'Cause I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I took the tube back out of town. Back to the Rollin' Pin. I felt a little like a dying clown. With a streak of Rin Tin Tin. I stretched back and I hiccuped. And looked back on my busy day. Eleven hours in the Tin Pan. God, there's got to be another way. Well, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Ohh, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Come on tell me, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). 'Cause I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Who are you?. (Ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa). (Ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa). (Ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa ooh wa). Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. Who are you?. Who, who, who, who?. I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Come on tell me, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I know there's a place you walked. Where love falls from the trees. My heart is like a broken cup. I only feel right on my knees. I spit out like a sewer hole. Yet still receive your kiss. How can I measure up to anyone now. After such a love as this?. Well, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Tell me, who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). I really wanna know.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Tell me, tell me who are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Come on come on.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Ahh who the fuck are you?.   (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). (Who are you? Who, who, who, who?). Tell me who are you?.   (Who are you? Who?). I really wanna know. I really wanna know. Come on tell me who are you?. You you. Ahh youI have a mansion, forget the price. Ain't never been there, they tell me it's nice. I live in hotels, tear out the walls. I have accountants pay for it all. They say I'm crazy but I have a good time. I'm just looking for clues at the scene of the crime. Life's been good to me so far. My Maserati does one-eighty-five. I lost my license, now I don't drive. I have a limo, ride in the back. I lock the doors in case I'm attacked. I make hit records, my fans they can't wait. They write me letters, tell me I'm great. So I got me an office, gold records on the wall. Just leave a message, maybe I'll call. Lucky I'm sane after all I've been through. (Everybody say I'm cool) (He's cool). I can't complain but sometimes I still do. Life's been good to me so far. I go to parties, sometimes until four. It's hard to leave when you can't find the door. It's tough to handle this fortune and fame. Everybody's so different, I haven't changed. They say I'm lazy but it takes all my time. (Everybody say oh, yeah) (Oh, yeah). I keep on going, guess I'll never know why. Life's been good to me so far. Yeah, yeah, yeahI wanna love you and treat you right. I wanna love you every day and every night:. We'll be together with a roof right over our heads. We'll share the shelter of my single bed. We'll share the same room, yeah! - for Jah provide the bread.. Is this love - is this love - is this love -. Is this love that I'm feelin'?. Is this love - is this love - is this love -. Is this love that I'm feelin'?. I wanna know - wanna know - wanna know now!. I got to know - got to know - got to know now!. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I - I'm willing and able. So I throw my cards on your table!. I wanna love you - I wanna love and treat - love and treat you right. I wanna love you every day and every night:. We'll be together, yeah! - with a roof right over our heads. We'll share the shelter, yeah, oh now! - of my single bed. We'll share the same room, yeah! - for Jah provide the bread.. Is this love - is this love - is this love -. Is this love that I'm feelin'?. Is this love - is this love - is this love -. Is this love that I'm feelin'?. Wo-o-o-oah! Oh yes, I know; yes, I know - yes, I know now!. Yes, I know; yes, I know - yes, I know now!. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I - I'm willing and able. So I throw my cards on your table!. See: I wanna love ya, I wanna love and treat ya -. love and treat ya right.. I wanna love you every day and every night:. We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads!. We'll share the shelter of my single bed. We'll share the same room, yeah! Jah provide the bread.. We'll share the shelter of my single bed - /fadeout/I'll never be your beast of burden. My back is broad but it's a hurting. All I want for you to make love to me. I'll never be your beast of burden. I've walked for miles my feet are hurting. All I want is for you to make love to me. Am I hard enough?. Am I rough enough?. Am I rich enough?. I'm not too blind to see. I'll never be your beast of burden. So let's go home and draw the curtains. Music on the radio come on baby make sweet love to me. Am I hard enough?. Am I rough enough?. Am I rich enough?. I'm not too blind to see. Oh little sister. Pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty girls. You're a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty girl. Pretty, pretty such a pretty, pretty, pretty girl. Come on baby please, please, please. I'll tell ya you can put me out. On the street put me out. With no shoes on my feet. But put me out, put me out, put me out of misery. All your sickness I can suck it up. Throw it all at me I can shrug it off. There's one thing baby that I don't understand. You keep on telling me I ain't your kind of man. Ain't I rough enough? Ooh honey. And ain't I tough enough?. Ain't I rich enough in love enough?. Ooh, ooh please. I'll never be your beast of burden. I'll never be your beast of burden. Never, never, never, never, never, never, never be. I'll never be your beast of burden. I've walked for miles my feet are hurting. All I want is, you to make love to me. I don't need no beast of burden. I need no fussing, I need no nursing. Never, never, never, never, never, never, never beWell, I'm hot blooded, check it and see. I got a fever of a hundred and three. Come on baby, do you do more than dance?. I'm hot blooded, I'm hot blooded. You don't have to read my mind. To know what I have in mind. Honey you oughta know. Now you move so fine, let me lay it on the line. I wanna know what you're doin' after the show. Now it's up to you. We can make a secret rendezvous. Just me and you. I'll show you lovin' like you never knew. That's why, I'm hot blooded, check it and see. I got a fever of a hundred and three. Come on baby, do you do more than dance?. I'm hot blooded, hot blooded. If it feels alright maybe you can stay all night. Shall I leave you my key?. But you've got to give me a sign. Come on girl, some kind of sign. Tell me, are you hot mama?. You sure look that way to me. Are you old enough?. Will you be ready when I call you bluff?. Is my timing right?. Did you save your love for me tonight?. Yeah I'm hot blooded, check it and see. Feel the fever burning inside of me. Come on baby, do you do more than dance?. I'm hot blooded, I'm hot blooded, I'm hot. Now it's up to you. Can we make a secret rendezvous?. Oh, before we do. You'll have to get away from you know who. Well, I'm hot blooded, check it and see. I got a fever of a hundred and three. Come on baby, do you do more than dance?. I'm hot blooded, I'm hot blooded. Hot blooded, every night. Hot blooded, you're looking so tight. Hot blooded, now you're driving me wild. Hot blooded, I'm so hot for you, child. Hot blooded, I'm a little bit high. Hot blooded, you're a little bit shy. Hot blooded, you're making me sing. Hot blooded, for your sweet sweet thingWho's that knocking on my door. It's gotta be a quarter to four. Is it you again. Coming 'round for more?. Well you can love me tonight if you want. But in the morning make sure you're gone. I'm talkin' to you. Hot legs, wearing me out. Hot legs, you can scream and shout. Hot legs, are you still in school. I love you honey. You gotta most persuasive tongue. You promise all kinds of fun. But what you don't understand. I'm a working man. Gonna need a shot of vitamin E. By the time you're finished with me. I'm talking to you. Hot legs, you're an alley cat. Hot legs, you scratch my back. Hot legs, bring your mother too. I love you honey. solo. Hot legs, hot legs, hot legs. Imagine how my daddy felt. In your jet black suspender belt. Seventeen years old. He's touching sixty-four. You got legs right up to your neck. You're making me a physical wreck. I'm talking to you. Hot legs, in your satin shoes. Hot legs, are you still in school?. Hot legs, you're making me a fool. I love you honey. Hot legs, making your mark. Hot legs, keep my pencil sharp. Hot legs, keep your hands to yourself. I love you honey. Hot legs, you're wearing me out. Hot legs, you can scream and shoutSaid the fight to make ends meet. Keeps a man upon his feet. Holding down his job. Trying to show he can't be bought. Ooh, it takes every kinda people. To make what life's about, yeah. Every kinda people. To make the world go 'round. Someone's looking for a lead. In his duty to a king or to a creed. Protecting what he feels is right. Fights against wrong with his life. There is no profit in deceit. Honest men know that. Revenge does not taste sweet. Whether yellow, black or white. Each and every man's the same inside. Ooh, it takes every kinda people. To make what life's about, yeah. It takes every kinda people. To make the world go 'round. Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. You know that love's the only goal. That could bring a peace to any soul. Hey, and every man's the same. He wants the sunshine in his name. Ooh, it takes every kinda people. To make what life's about, yeah. It takes every kinda people. To make the world go 'round. Mmm, every kinda people. To make what life's about. It takes every kinda people. To make the world go 'roundOnce I had a love and it was a gas. Soon turned out had a heart of glass. Seemed like the real thing only to find. Mucho mistrust, love's gone behind. Once I had a love and it was divine. Soon found out I was losing my mind. It seemed like the real thing but I was so blind. Mucho mistrust, love's gone behind. In between 'what I find is pleasing' and 'I'm feeling fine'. Love is so confusing. There's no peace of mind if I fear I'm losing you. It's just no good, you teasing like you do. Once I had a love and it was a gas. Soon turned out had a heart of glass. Seemed like the real thing only to find. Mucho mistrust, love's gone behind. Lost inside adorable illusion. And I cannot hide. I'm the one you're using. Please don't push me aside. We coulda made it cruising, yeah. Yeah, riding high on love's true bluish light. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoa. Once I had a love and it was a gas. Soon turned out was a pain the ass. Seemed like the real thing, only to find. Mucho mistrust, love's gone behind. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoa. Ooh ooh whoaAt first, I was afraid, I was petrified. Kept thinking, I could never live without you by my side. But then I spent so many nights thinking, how you did me wrong. And I grew strong and I learned how to get along. And so you're back from outer space. I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face. I should have changed that stupid lock. I should have made you leave your key. If I'd known for just one second you'd be back to bother me. Go on now, go, walk out the door, just turn around now. 'Cause you're not welcome anymore. Weren't you the one, who tried to hurt me with goodbye?. Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die?. Oh, no, not I, I will survive. Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. And I'll survive, I will survive, hey, hey. It took all the strength I had not to fall apart. Kept trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart. And I spent, oh, so many nights just feeling sorry for myself. I used to cry but now I hold my head up high. And you see me, somebody new. I'm not that chained up little person still in love with you. And so you felt like dropping in and just expect me to be free. But now I'm saving all my loving for someone who's loving me. Go on now, go, walk out the door, just turn around now. 'Cause you're not welcome anymore. Weren't you the one, who tried to break me with goodbye. Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die?. Oh, no, not I, I will survive. Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. And I'll survive, I will survive, oh. Go on now, go, walk out the door, just turn around now. 'Cause you're not welcome anymore. Weren't you the one, who tried to break me with goodbye. Did you think I'd crumble? Did you think I'd lay down and die?. Oh, no, not I, I will survive. Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive. I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give. And I'll survive, I will survive, I will surviveOoh, my little pretty one, my pretty one. When you gonna give me some time, Sharona. Ooh, you make my motor run, my motor run. Got it comin' off o' the line, Sharona. Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind. I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind. My, my, my, aye-aye, whoa!. M-m-m-my Sharona. Come a little closer, huh, a-will ya, huh?. Close enough to look in my eyes, Sharona. Keepin' it a mystery, it gets to me. Runnin' down the length of my thigh, Sharona. Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind. I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind. My, my, my, aye-aye, whoa!. M-m-m-my Sharona. M-m-m-my Sharona. When you gonna give to me, a gift to me. Is it just a matter of time, Sharona?. Is it d-d-destiny, d-destiny. Or is it just a game in my mind, Sharona?. Never gonna stop, give it up, such a dirty mind. I always get it up for the touch of the younger kind. My, my, my, aye-aye, whoa!. M-m-m-my, my, my, aye-aye, whoa!. M-m-my Sharona. M-m-my Sharona. M-m-my Sharona. M-m-my Sharona. Ooooooo-ohhh, my Sharona. Ooooooo-ohhh, my Sharona. Ooooooo-ohhh, my SharonaUsed to think that life was sweet. Used to think we were so complete. I can't believe you'd throw it away. Used to feel we had it made. Used to feel we could sail away. Can you imagine how I feel today?. Well, it seems a long time ago. You were the lonely one. Now it comes to letting go. You are the only one. Do you know what you've done?. It's so funny how we don't talk anymore. It's so funny, why we don't talk anymore?. But I ain't losing sleep and I ain't counting sheep. It's so funny how we don't talk anymore. Oh, we don't talk, ooh. Well, it really doesn't matter to me. I guess your leaving was meant to be. It's down to you now, you wanna be free. Well, I hope you know which way to go. You're on your own again. Don't come crying to me when you're the lonely one. Remember what you've done. Oh, it's so funny how we don't talk anymore. It's so funny, why we don't talk anymore?. But I ain't losing sleep and I ain't counting sheep. No, no, no. It's so funny how we don't talk anymore, anymore. Oh, we don't talk anymore. Ooh, we don't talk anymore. But I ain't, no, losing sleep. No, I ain't counting sheep. No, no, no, no. It's so funny how we don't talk anymore, anymore. Oh, we don't talk, oh, we don't talkumm, yeah!. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Tonight I want to give it all to you. In the darkness. There's so much I want to do. And tonight I want to lay it at your feet. Cause girl, I was made for you. And girl, you were made for me. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can't get enough of you baby. Can you get enough of me. Tonight I want to see it in your eyes. Feel the magic. There's something that drives me wild. And tonight we're gonna make it all come true. Cause girl, you were made for me. And girl I was made for you. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can't get enough of you baby. Can you get enough of me. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can give it all to you baby. Can you give it all to me. Oh, can't get enough, oh, oh. I can't get enough, oh, oh. I can't get enough. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do. Do, do, do, do, do, do, do. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can't get enough of you baby. Can you get enough of me. Oh, I was made, you were made. I can't get enough. No, I can't get enough. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can't get enough of you baby. Can you get enough of me. I was made for lovin' you baby. You were made for lovin' me. And I can give it all to you babyNAThe silicon chip inside her head. Gets switched to overload. And nobody's gonna go to school today. She's gonna make them stay at home. And daddy doesn't understand it. He always said she was good as gold. And he can see no reasons. 'Cause there are no reasons. What reason do you need to be shown?. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. I wanna shoot the whole day down. The Telex machine is kept so clean. And it types to a waiting world. Her mother feels so shocked, father's world is rocked. And their thoughts turn to their own little girl. Sweet sixteen, ain't that peachy keen. Now it ain't so neat to admit defeat. They can see no reasons. 'Cause there are no reasons. What reasons do you need, oh oh oh oh?. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. I wanna shoot the whole day down. Down, down, shoot it all down. And all the playing's stopped in the playground now. She wants to play with the toys a while. And school's out early and soon we be learning. And the lesson today is how to die. And then the bullhorn crackles and the captain tackles. With the problems and the hows and whys. And he can see no reasons. 'Cause there are no reasons. What reason do you need to die, die, oh oh oh?. And the silicon chip insider her head get switched to overload. And nobodys going to go to school today. She is going to make them stay at home. And Daddy doesn´t understand it. He always said she was good as gold. And he can see no reasons. Cause there are no reasons. What reason do you need to be shown. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like. I don't like. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like. I dont't like. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. (Tell me why). I don't like Mondays. I wanna shoot the whole day downGot a call from an old friend we'd used to be real close . Said he couldn't go on the American way . Closed the shop, sold the house, bought a ticket to the west coast . Now he gives them a stand-up routine in L.A. . . I don't need you to worry for me cause I'm allright . I don't want you to tell me it's time to come home . I don't care what you say anymore this is my life . Go ahead with your own life leave me alone . . I never said you had to offer me a second chance . I never said I was a victim of circumstance . I still belong . Don't get me wrong . And you can speak your mind . But not on my time . . They will tell you you can't sleep alone in a strange place . Then they'll tell you can't sleep with somebody else . Ah but sooner or later you sleep in your own space . Either way it's O.K. you wake up with yourselfOur love is alive and so we begin. Foolishly laying our hearts on the table stumblin' in. Our love is a flame burning within. Now and then firelight will catch us stumblin' in. Wherever you go whatever you do. You know these reckless thoughts of mine are following you. I'm falling for you whatever you do. 'cause baby you've shown me so many things that I never knew. Whatever it takes baby I'll do it for you. Our love is alive and so we begin. Foolishly laying our hearts on the table stumblin' in. Our love is a flame burning within. Now and then firelight will catch us stumblin' in. You were so young and I was so free. I may have been young but baby that's not what I wanted to be. Well you were the one oh why was it me. 'cause baby you've shown me so many thing that I've never seen. Whatever you need baby you've got it from me. Our love is alive and so we begin. Foolishly laying our hearts on the table stumblin' in. Our love is a flame burning within. Now and then firelight will catch us stumblin' in. Ah stumblin' in mmh stumblin' in. Now and then firelight will catch us stumblin' in. Oh stumblin' in I'm stumblin' in. Foolishly laying our hearts on the table stumblin' inRoxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Those days are over. You don't have to sell your body to the night. Roxanne. You don't have to wear that dress tonight. Walk the streets for money. You don't care if it's wrong or if it's right. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. I loved you since I knew you. I wouldn't talk down to you. Tell you what, I won't tell you again. I won't share you with another boy. I know my mind is made up. So put away your make up. Told you once I won't tell you again. It's a bad way. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Roxanne, Roxanne, Roxanne. Roxanne, Roxanne, Roxanne. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Those days are over. You don't have to sell your body to the night. Roxanne. You don't have to wear that dress tonight. Walk the streets for money. You don't care if it's wrong or if it's right. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Roxanne. You don't have to put on the red light. Come on. Roxanne, Roxanne, Roxanne. Roxanne, Roxanne, Roxanne. Roxanne.   (Come on). Roxanne, Roxanne. Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne.   (Put on the red light). Roxanne. Roxanne, Roxanne, RoxanneJust a castaway, an island lost at sea, oh. Another lonely day, with no one here but me, oh. More loneliness than any man could bear. Rescue me before I fall into despair, oh. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. Message in a bottle, yeah. Message in a bottle, yeah. A year has passed since I wrote my note. I should have known this right from the start. Only hope can keep me together. Love can mend your life. Or love can break your heart. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. Message in a bottle, yeah. Message in a bottle, yeah. Oh, message in a bottle, yeah. Message in a bottle, yeah. Walked out this morning, I don't believe what I saw. Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone at being alone. Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I'll send an S.O.S to the world. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. I hope that someone gets my. Message in a bottle, yeah. Message in a bottle, yeah. Message in a bottle, oh. Message in a bottle, yeah. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.S. I'm sending out an S.O.SOne two. One two three four. You got me running going out of my mind. You got me thinking that I'm wasting my time. Don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down. You want to stay out with your fancy friends. I'm telling you it's gotta be the end. Don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down. What happened to the girl I used to know?. You let your mind out somewhere down the road. Don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down. You're always talkin' 'bout your crazy nights. One of these days you're gonna get it right. Don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down, Bruce. Don't bring me down. You're looking good just like a snake in the grass. One of these days you're gonna break your glass. Don't bring me down. No no, no no, no no, no no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down. You got me shaking, got me running away. You got me crawling up to you every day. Don't bring me down. No, no, no, no, no, ooh ooh. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me down, down, down, down, down, down. I'll tell you once more. Before I get off the floor. Don't bring me downI want you to want me. I need you to need me. I'd love you to love me. I'm beggin' you to beg me. . I want you to want me. I need you to need me. I'd love you to love me. . I'll shine up the old brown shoes. I put on a brand new shirt. I'll get home early from work. If you say that you love me. . Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. Feelin' all alone without a friend, you know you feel like dyin'. Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. . I want you to want me. I need you to need me. I'd love you to love me. . I'll shine up the old brown shoes. I put on a brand new shirt. I'll get home early from work. If you say that you love me. . Didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. Feelin' all alone without a friend, you know you feel like dyin'. Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. . Feelin' all alone without a friend, you know you feel like dyin'. Oh, didn't I, didn't I, didn't I see you cryin'?. . I want you to want me. I need you to need me. I'd love you to love me. I'm beggin' you to beg meSomebody's gonna hurt someone. Before the night is through. Somebody's gonna come undone. There's nothin' we can do. Everybody wants to touch somebody. If it takes all night. Everybody wants to take a little chance. Make it come out right. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, Lord, I know. Some people like to stay out late. Some folks can't hold out that long. But nobody wants to go home now. There's too much goin' on. This night is gonna last forever. Last all, last all summer long. Sometime before the sun comes up. The radio is gonna play that song. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, Lord, I know. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. The moon's shinin' bright. So turn out the light and we'll get it right. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, heartache, baby. Somebody's gonna hurt someone. (Somebody). Before the night is through. Somebody's gonna come undone. There's nothin' we can do. (Everybody). Everybody wants to touch somebody. If it takes all night. Everybody wants to take a little chance. And make it come out right. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, let's go. We can beat around the bushes. We can get down to the bone. We can leave it in the parkin' lot but either way. There's gonna be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, oh, I know. There'll be a heartache tonight. A heartache tonight, I know, woo!. Break my heartLooks like it's over, you knew I couldn't stay.. She's coming home today.. We had a good thing, I miss your sweet love.. Why must you look at me that way.. It's overrrr... ahhhhh. Sad eyes, turn the other way.. I don't want to see you cry.. Sad eyes, you'd knew there'd come a day. when we would have to say goodby.. Try to remember the magic that we share.. I time your broken would mend.. I never used you, you knew I really cared.. I hate to see it have to end.. But it's overrrrrrr ahhhhh. Sad eyes turn the other way.. I don't want to see you cry.. Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day.. When we would have to say goodby.. (GUITAR SOLO). Sad eyes, turn the other way.. I don't want to see you cry.. Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day. when we would have to say goodby. Sad eyes turn the other way. I don't want to see you cry.. Sad eyes, you knew there'd come a day. when we would have to say goodbuy.. ENDIt's not in the way that you hold me. It's not in the way you say you care. It's not in the way you've been treating my friends. It's not in the way that you'll stay till the end. It's not in the way you look or the things that you say that you do. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time... woah... woah... woah. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time... woah... woah... woah. It's not in the words that you told me... Babe. It's not in the way you say you're mine, ooooh. It's not in the way that you came back to me. It's not in the way that your love set me free. It's not in the way you look or the things that you say that you do. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time... woah... woah... woah. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time... woah... woah... woah. (SOLO). It's not in the words that you told me. It's not in the way you say you're mine, ooooh. It's not in the way that you came back to me. It's not in the way that your love set me free. It's not in the way you look or the things that you say that you do. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time... woah... woah... woah. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time, Love isn't always on time. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time. Love isn't always, Love isn't always on time. Hold the line. Love isn't always on time. Love isn't always on time. Love isn't always on time. Love isn't always on time. Woah... woah... woahWe move for all mankind. A million miles from everything we've ever known. We're on their hearts and minds. A million heads are bowed to bring us safely home. Hemmed in by emptiness. A million ways that everything could be undone. This hollow in my chest is filled with reasons. Not to sing but I found one, I know. We are not alone, we feel an unseen love. We are sons and heirs of grace, we are children of. A light that never dims, a love that never dies. Keep your chin up child and wipe the tears from your eyes. In sleep we saw ourselves. A million years we had been waiting there it seems. While someone weaves a spell. A million stars look on in witness to our dreams, I know. We are not alone, we feel an unseen love. We are sons and heirs of grace, we are children of. A light that never dims, a love that never dies. Keep your chin up child and wipe the tears from your eyes. We feel an unseen love. We are children of light. We are not alone, we feel an unseen love. We are sons and heirs of grace, we are children of. A light that never dims, a love that never dies. Keep your chin up child and wipe the tears from your eyes. I stand ready and tall, reflect the lightAlthough the things you've done I wouldn't criticize. I guess you had your way. You see I've gotta make you understand. I know it sounds a foolish thing to say. But it don't matter baby, 'cause today's another day. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life and let me see. Remember, tonight we're gonna run till dawn. Remember, tonight we're gonna say. We'll never stop, we got a good thing goin' on. I know you've heard it all before. But I really need you darlin', every day I need you more. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life and let me see. Can you understand?. (Yes I understand). Can you feel it's right?. (I know it is). Will you be the same?. (I'll do it all again). It's been a year now and it's getting so much better. You came home without a word. Though everybody said you'll soon forget her. They couldn't see and they just didn't understand. And lookin' in the mirror there were fools at either hand. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life and let me see. Can you understand?. (Yes I understand). Can you feel it's right?. (I know it is). Will you be the same?. (I'll do it all again). How many days had I been waiting there to tell you?. I really can't believe. We're walkin' out into the world tonight. We'll do it all again until the break of light. And the feelin' in your heart will soon be shinin' in your eyes. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life. You shine a little love on my life and let me see. You shine a little love on my life. (Shine on me). You shine a little love on my life. (Oh oh oh). You shine a little love on my life and let me see. You shine a little love on my life. (Shine). You shine a little love on my life. (Eee oh oh). You shine a little love on my life and let me seeGiant steps are what you take. Walking on the moon. I hope my legs don't break. Walking on the moon. We could walk forever. Walking on the moon. We could be together. Walking on, walking on the moon. Walking back from your house. Walking on the moon. Walking back from your house. Walking on the moon. Feet don't hardly touch the ground. Walking on the moon. My feet don't hardly make no sound. Walking on, walking on the moon. Some may say. I'm wishing my days away. No way. And if it's the price I pay. Some say. Tomorrow's another day. You'll stay. I may as well play. Giant steps are what you take. Walking on the moon. I hope my legs don't break. Walking on the moon. We could walk forever. Walking on the moon. We could be together. Walking on, walking on the moon. Some may say. I'm wishing my days away. No way. And if it's the price I pay. Some say. Tomorrow's another day. You'll stay. I may as well play. A keep it up. A keep it up. A keep it up. ...I know a girl from a lonely street. Cold as ice cream, but still as sweet. Dry your eyes, Sunday Girl. . Hey, I saw your guy with a different girl. Looks like he's in another world. Run and hide, Sunday Girl. . Hurry up, hurry up and wait. I stay away all week and still I wait. I got the blues, please come see. What your lovin' means to me. . She can't catch up with the working crowd. The weekend mood and she's feeling proud. Live in dreams, Sunday Girl. . Baby, I would like to go out tonight. If I go with you my folks will get uptight. Stay at home, Sunday Girl. (Ooh ooh ooh). . Hey, j'ai vu ton mec avec une autre fille. Il semblait dans un autre monde. Cours te cacher Sunday girl. . Quand je t'ai revu l'Ã©te j'ai decidÃ©. Si ton amour Ã©tait pareil au mien. Je pourrais Ãªtre Sunday girl. . DÃ©pÃ©che-toi, dÃ©pÃ©che-toi et attends. Toute la semaine absent et pourtant j'attends. J'ai le cafard, je t'en prie viens voir. Ce que ton amour represente pour moi. . DÃ©pÃ©che-toi, dÃ©pÃ©che-toi et attends. Toute la semaine absent et pourtant j'attends. J'ai le cafard, je t'en prie viens voir. Ce que ton amour represente pour moi. I got the blues. . Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up and wait. Hurry up, please come see what you do to meFleetwood Mac. Tusk. Tusk. (Lindsey Buckingham). . Why don't you ask him if he's going to stay?. Why don't you ask him if he's going away?. Why don't you tell me what's going on?. Why don't you tell me who's on the phone?. Why don't you ask him what's going on?. Why don't you ask him who's the latest on his throne?. . Don't say that you love me!. Just tell me that you want me!. . Tusk! Tusk! Tusk! Tusk!. Tusk! Tusk! Tusk! Tusk!. Tusk! Tusk! Tusk! Tusk!. Tusk! Tusk! Tusk! Tusk!. Tusk!When I met you in the restaurant. You could tell I was no debutante. You asked me what's my pleasure, a movie or a measure. I'll have a cup of tea. . And tell you all my dreaming, dreaming is free. Dreaming, dreaming is free. . I don't want to live on charity. Pleasure's real or is it fantasy?. Reel to reel is living rarity, people stop and stare at me. We just walk on by, we just keep on dreaming. . Feet feet, walking a two mile. Meet meet, meet me at the turnstile. I never met him, I'll never forget him. . Dream dream, even for a little while. Dream dream, filling up an idle hour. Fade away, radiate. . I sit by and watch the river flow. I sit by and watch the traffic go. Imagine something of your very own. Something you can have and hold. I'd build a road in gold. . Just to have some dreaming, dreaming is free. Dreaming, dreaming is free. Dreaming, dreaming is free. Dreaming is freeNAIn the deserts of Sudan. And the gardens of Japan. From Milan to Yucatan. Every woman, every man. Hit me, hit me. Je t'adore, ich liebe dich. Hit me, hit me, hit me. Hit me slowly, hit me quick. Hit me, hit me, hit me. In the wilds of Borneo. And the vineyards of Bordeaux. Eskimo, Arapaho. Move their body to and fro. Hit me, hit me. Das ist gut! C'est fantastique!. Hit me, hit me, hit me. It's nice to be a lunatic. Hit me, hit me, hit me. Hit me, hit me, hit me. In the dock of Tiger Bay. On the road to Mandalay. From Bombay to Santa Fe. Over hills and far away. Hit me, hit me. C'est si bon, mm? Ist es nicht?. Hit me, hit me, hit me. Two fat persons, click, click, click. Hit me, hit me, hit me. Hit me, hit me, hit me. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me, ow. Hit me. Hit me. Hit me, hit me. Hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me. Hit me, hit me, hit meAC/DC. Highway To Hell. Highway To Hell. Living easy, living free. Season ticket on a one-way ride. Asking nothing, leave me be. Taking everything in my stride. Don't need reason, don't need rhyme. Ain't nothing I would rather do. Going down, party time. My friends are gonna be there too. . I'm on the highway to hell. . No stop signs, speed limit. Nobody's gonna slow me down. Like a wheel, gonna spin it. Nobody's gonna mess me round. Hey Satan, payin' my dues. Playing in a rocking band. Hey Momma, look at me. I'm on my way to the promised land. . I'm on the highway to hell. (Don't stop me). . And I'm going down, all the way down. I'm on the highway to hellIf you search for tenderness . it isn't hard to find. . You can have the love you need to live. . But if you look for truthfulness . You might just as well be blind. . It always seems to be so hard to give. . . Honesty is such a lonely word. . Everyone is so untrue. . Honesty is hardly ever heard. . And mostly what I need from you. . . I can always find someone . to say they sympathize. . If I wear my heart out on my sleeve. . But I don't want some pretty face . to tell me pretty lies. . All I want is someone to believe. . . Honesty is such a lonely word. . Everyone is so untrue. . Honesty is hardly ever heard. . And mostly what I need from you. . . I can find a lover. . I can find a friend. . I can have security until the bitter end. . Anyone can comfort me . with promises again. . I know, I know. . . When I'm deep inside of me . don't be too concerned. . I won't as for nothin' while I'm gone. . But when I want sincerity . tell me where else can I turn. . Because you're the one I depend upon. . . Honesty is such a lonely word. . Everyone is so untrue. . Honesty is hardly ever heard. . And mostly what I need from you.Every time I think of you. It always turns out good. Every time I've held you. I thought you understood. People say a love like ours. Will surely pass. But I know a love like ours. Will last and last. But maybe I was wrong. Not knowing how our love should go. (How our love, how our love should go). But I wasn't wrong. In knowing how our love would grow. (How our love, how our love would grow). And every time I think of you. Every time. Every time I think of you. Every single time. It always turns out good. Seasons come and seasons go. But our love will never die. Let me hold you darling. So you won't cry. Cause people say that our love affair. Will never last. But we know a love like ours. Will never pass. People say a love like ours. Will surely pass. But I know a love like ours. Will last and last. But maybe I was wrong. Not knowing how our love should go. (How our love, how our love should go). But I wasn't wrong. In knowing how our love would grow. (How our love, how our love would grow). And every time I think of you. Every time I think of you. Every time I think of you. It always turns out good. Every time I think of you. Every time I think of you. Every time I think of you (every time). Every time I think of you (think of you). Every time I think of you (every time). Every time I think of you (think of you)Suzi Quatro -:- She's in love with you. She's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you down, she'll never fool around. 'Coz she's in love with you. So if you see her all alone one night walk up to her discreetly, ask her why. And if she replies with words that don't make sense it may be just because she's shy. Don't take advantage of her lack of understanding just because you think you could. Treat her right, treat her good take her home and make her feel the way she should. 'Coz she's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you down, she'll never fool around. 'Coz she's in love with you. She's in love with you,. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you go, she may not let you know. but she's in love with you. So if you happen to be out one night and someone asks you where you're gonna go. Just remember she's not like the other girls she may not want them all to know. Though she may need a little time she never wants to stand in line the way they would. So treat her nice, treat her good, treat her like you know you should. You may never find another girl like her. 'Coz she's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you down, she'll never fool around. 'Coz she's in love with you. She's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you go, she may not let you know. but she's in love with you. So take her home and hold her close touch her where she feels it most, but be true. And when she's making love to you she'll do what you want her to. Treat her good, treat her like you know you should. You may never find another girl like her. 'Coz she's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you down, she'll never fool around. 'Coz she's in love with you. She's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you go, she may not let you know, but she's in love with you. She's in love with you. That's all she wants to do. She'll never let you down, she'll never fool around. 'Coz she's in love with youThe Knack. Miscellaneous. Good Girls Don't. She's your adolescent dream,. Schoolboy stuff, a sticky sweet romance.. And she makes you want to scream,. Wishing you could get inside her pants.. So, you fantasize away.. And while you're squeezing her, you thought you heard her saying.... . "Good girls don't,. Good girls don't,. Good girls don't, but I do.". . So, you call her on the phone. To talk about the teachers that you hate.. And she says she's all alone,. And her parents won't be coming home til late.. There's a ringing in your brain,. Cause you could've sworn you though you heard her saying.... . "Good girls don't,. Good girls don't,. Good girls don't, but I do.". . And it's a teenage sadness. Everyone has got to taste.. An in-between age madness. That you know you can't erase. Til she's sitting on your face.. . You're alone with her at last,. And you're waiting til you think the time is right.. Cause you've heard she's pretty fast.. And you're hoping that she'll give you some tonight.. So, you start to make your play,. Cause you could've sworn you thought you heard her saying.... . "Good girls don't,. Good girls don't,. Good girls don't, but I do.". . And it's a teenage sadness. Everyone has got to taste.. An in-between age madness. That you know you can't erase. Til she's sitting on your face.. . Good girls don't,. Good girls don't,. Good girls don't, but I do...It was an early morning yesterday. I was up before the dawn. And I really have enjoyed my stay. But I must be moving on. Like a king without a castle. Like a queen without a throne. I'm an early morning lover. And I must be moving on yeah yeah. Now I believe in what you say is the undisputed truth. But I have to have things my own way. To keep me in my youth. Like a ship without an anchor. Like a slave without a chain. Just the thought of those sweet ladies. Sends a shiver through my veins. And I will go on shining. Shining like brand new. I'll never look behind me my troubles will be few. Goodbye stranger it's been nice. Hope you find your paradise. Tried to see your point of view. Hope your dreams will all come true. Goodbye Mary goodbye Jane. Will we ever meet again?. Feel no sorrow feel no shame. Come tomorrow feel no pain. Sweet devotion (goodbye Mary). It's not for me (goodbye Jane). Just give me motion. (will we ever). To set me free (meet again?). In the land and the ocean. (feel no sorrow). Far away (feel no shame). It's the life I've chosen. (come tomorrow). Every day (feel no pain). So goodbye Mary. (goodbye Mary). Goodbye Jane (goodbye Jane). Will we ever (will we ever). Meet again? (meet again?). Now some they do and some they don't. And some you just can't tell. And some they will and some they won't. With some it's just as well. You can laugh at my behavior that'll never bother me. Say the devil is my savior. But I don't pay no heed. And I will go on shining. Shining like brand new. I'll never look behind me my troubles will be few. Goodbye stranger it's been nice. Hope you find your paradise. Tried to see your point of view. Hope your dreams will all come true. Goodbye Mary goodbye Jane. Will we ever meet again?. Feel no sorrow feel no shame. Come tomorrow feel no pain. Sweet devotion (goodbye Mary). It's not for me (goodbye Jane). Just give me motion. (will we ever). To set me free. (meet again?). In the land and the ocean. (feel no sorrow). Far away (feel no shame). It's the life I've chosen. (come tomorrow). Every day (feel no pain). So now I'm leaving. (goodbye Mary). Got to go (goodbye Jane). Hit the road (will we ever?). I'll say it once again. (meet again). Oh, yes I'm leaving. (feel so sorrow). Got to go (feel no shame). Got to go (come tomorrow). I'm sorry I must dash. (feel no pain). So goodbye Mary. (goodbye Mary). Goodbye Jane (goodbye Jane). Will we ever (will we ever). Meet again? (meet again?). Oh, I'm leaving. I've got to goOur life together is so precious together. We have grown, we have grown. Although our love is still special. Let's take a chance and fly away somewhere alone. It's been too long since we took the time. No-one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly. But when I see you darling. It's like we both are falling in love again. It'll be just like starting over, starting over. Everyday we used to make it love. Why can't we be making love nice and easy. It's time to spread our wings and fly. Don't let another day go by my love. It'll be just like starting over, starting over. Why don't we take off alone. Take a trip somewhere far, far away. We'll be together all alone again. Like we used to in the early days. Well, well darling. It's been too long since we took the time. No-one's to blame, I know time flies so quickly. But when I see you darling. It's like we both are falling in love again. It'll be just like starting over, starting over. Our life together is so precious together. We have grown, we have grown. Although our love is still special. Let's take a chance and fly away somewhere.... Starting overI said, upside down. You're turnin' me. You're givin' love instinctively. Round and round you're turnin' me. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Instinctively, you give to me. The love that I need. I cherish the moment with you. Respectfully, I say to thee. I'm aware that you're cheatin'. When no one makes me feel like you do. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. I know you got charm and appeal. You always play the field. I'm crazy to think you are mine. As long as the sun continues to shine. There's a place in my heart for you. That's the bottom line. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Instinctively, you give to me. The love that I need. I cherish the moment with you. Respectfully, I say to thee. I'm aware that you're cheatin'. But no one makes me feel like you do. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round, round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round and round. Upside down. Boy, you turn me. Inside out. And round, round. Upside down, you're turnin' me. You're givin' love instinctively. Round and round, you're turnin' me. I say to thee respectfully. Upside down, you're turnin' me. You're givin' love instinctively. Around and round, you're turnin' me. I say to thee respectfully. I said, upside down, you're turnin' me. You're givin' love instinctively. Around and round, you're turnin' me. I say to thee respectfully. Upside down, you're turnin' me. You're givin' love instinctively. Round and round, you're turnin' me. I say to thee respectfully. Upside down, you're turnin' meSteve walks warily down the street. The brim pulled way down low. And ain't no sound but the sound of his feet. Machine guns ready to go. Are you ready hey, are you ready for this. Are you standing on the edge of your seat. Out of the doorway the bullets rip. To the sound of the beat, yeah, yeah, yeah, sing it. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust, hey. And another one gone, and another one gone. Another one bites the dust. Hey, I'm gonna get you too. Another one bites the dust. How do you think I'm going to get along. Without you, when you're gone?. You took me for everything that I had. You kicked me out on my own. Are you happy? Are you satisfied?. How long can you stand the heat?. Out of the doorway the bullets rip. To the sound of the beat, yeah, yeah, yeah. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. And another one gone, and another one gone. Another one bites the dust. Hey, gonna get you too. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust yeah. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust yeah, yeah. Another one bites the dust yeah, yeah. Another one bites the dust yeah. Another one bites the dust yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Give me yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. Hey ,another one bites the dust yeah. Another one bites the dust yeah. Bites the dust. Bites the dust. Bites the dust. Bites the dust. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There are plenty of ways you can hurt a man. And bring him to the ground. You can beat him, you can cheat him. You can treat him bad and leave him when he's down. Is he ready, is he ready for you. I'm standing on my own two feet. Out of the doorway the bullets rip. Repeating the sound of the beat. Another one bites the dust. Another one bites the dust, hey. And another one gone, and another one gone. Another one bites the dust. Hey, I'm gonna get you too. Another one bites the dust. Yeah, yeah. Alright. Yeah, yeah, yeah. YesThis thing called love. I just can't handle it. This thing called love. I must get round to it. I ain't ready. Crazy little thing called love. This thing (this thing). Called love (called love). It cries (like a baby). In a cradle all night. It swings (woo woo). It jives (woo woo). It shakes all over like a jelly fish. I kinda like it. Crazy little thing called love. There goes my baby. She knows how to rock 'n roll. She drives me crazy. She gives me hot and cold fever. Then she leaves me in a cool cool sweat. I gotta be cool, relax, get hip. Get on my tracks. Take a back seat, hitch-hike. And take a long ride on my motor bike. Until I'm ready. Crazy little thing called love. I gotta be cool, relax, get hip. Get on my tracks. Take a back seat, hitch-hike. And take a long ride on my motor bike. Until I'm ready (ready Freddie). Crazy little thing called love. This thing called love. I just can't handle it. This thing called love. I must get round to it. I ain't ready. Crazy little thing called love. Crazy little thing called love. Crazy little thing called love. Crazy little thing called love. Crazy little thing called love. Crazy Little Thing Called Love...Blondie. Autoamerican. The Tide Is High. The tide is high but I'm holding on. I'm gonna be your number one. I'm not the kinda girl who gives up just like that oh no. It's not the things you do, that tease and hurt me bad. But it's the way you do the things, you do to me. Every girl wants you to be her man. But I'll wait my dear 'till it's my turnWhoa whoa, yea yea. I love you more than I can say. I'll love you twice as much tomorrow. Oh, love you more than I can say. Whoa whoa, yea yea. I'll miss ya ev'ry single day. Why must my life be filled with sorrow. Oh, love you more than I can say. Ah, don't you know I need you so. Oh tell me please I gotta know. Do you mean to make me cry. Am I just another guy. Whoa whoa yea yea. I miss you more than I can say. Why must my life be filled with sorrow. Oh oh, love you more than I can say. {Instrumental}. Oh don't you know I need you so. So tell me please, I gotta know. Do you mean to make me cry. Am I just another guy. Whoa whoa, yea yea. I love you more than I can say. I'll love you twice as much tomorrow. Whoa, love you more than I can say. I'll love you more than I can say. I'll love you more than I can say.... Ohhhhhhhhhh. (More than I can say). I'll love you twice as much tomorrow. (More than I can say). I'll love you twice as much tomorrow. (More than I can say). I love you more than I can say. (More than I can say). I love you more than words can say. (More than I can say). I love you more than I can say. FADE OUTYoung teacher, the subject. Of schoolgirl fantasy. She wants him so badly. Knows what she wants to be. Inside him, there's longing. This girl's an open page. Book marking, she's so close now. This girl is half his age. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Her friends are so jealous. You know how bad girls get. Sometimes it's not so easy. To be the teacher's pet. Temptation, frustration. So bad it makes him cry. Wet bus stop, she's waiting. His car is warm and dry. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Loose talk in the classroom. To hurt they try and try. Strong words in the staff room. The accusations fly. It's no use, he sees her. He starts to shake and cough. Just like the old man in. That book by Nabokov. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so. Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to me. Don't stand, don't stand so . (Please don't stand so close to me). Don't stand so close to meNAIs there nothing I can say nothing I can do. To change your mind, I'm so in love with you. You're too deep in, you can't get out. You're just a poor girl in a rich man's house. Yeah, baby, I'm crying over you. Don't you know promises were never made to keep?. Just like the night, dissolved in sleep. I'll be your savior, steadfast and true. I'll come to your emotional rescue. I'll come to your emotional rescue. Yeah, the other night, crying. Crying baby, yeah, yeah I'm crying. Yeah I'm crying baby, yeah, I'm like a child baby. I'm a child, yes I'm like a child. Like a child, like a child. You think you're one of a special breed. You think that you're his pet Pekinese. I'll be your savior, steadfast and true. I'll come to your emotional rescue. I'll come to your emotional rescue. Hey I was dreaming last night baby. Last night, I was dreaming how you'd be mine?. But I was crying like a child. Yeah, I was crying, crying like a child. You will be mine, mine, mine, mine, mine, all mine. You could be mine, could be mine, could be mine all mine. I come to you, so silent in the night. So stealthy, so animal quiet. I'll be your savior, steadfast and true. I'll come to your emotional rescue. I'll come to your emotional rescue. Yeah, you should be mine, mine, oh. {Yes, you could be mine. Tonight and every night. I will be your knight in shining armour. Coming to your emotional rescue}. You will be mine, you will be mine, all mine. You will be mine, you will be mine, all mine. I will be your knight in shining armour. Riding across the desert, on a fine Arab chargerWell it's not far down to paradise, at least's not for me. If the wind is right you can sail away and find tranquility. Oh the canvas can do miracles, just you wait and see, believe me. It's not far to never, never land, reason to pretend. And if the wind is right you can find the joy of innocence again. Oh the canvas can do miracles, just you wait and see, believe me. Sailing, takes me away. To where I've always heard it. Just a dream and the wind to carry me. Soon I will be free. Fantasy, it gets the best of me when I'm sailing. All caught up in the reverie. Every word is a symphony, won't you believe me?. Sailing, takes me away. To where I've always heard it. Just a dream and the wind to carry me. Soon I will be free. It's not far back to sanity at least it's not for me. And when the wind is right you can sail away and find serenity. Oh the canvas can do miracles, just you wait and see, believe me. Sailing, takes me away. To where I've always heard it. Just a dream and the wind to carry me. Soon I will be freeOh little Jeannie, you got so much love, little Jeannie. And you take it where it strikes and give it to the likes of me. Oh little Jeannie, she got so much love, little Jeannie. So I see you when I can, you make me all a man can be. And I want you to be my acrobat. I want you to be my lover. Oh, there were others who would treat you cruel. And oh Jeannie, you were always someone's fool. Little Jeannie, you got so much time, little Jeannie. Though you've grown beyond your years, you still retain the fears of youth. Oh little Jeannie, you got so much time, little Jeannie. But you're burning it up so fast, searching for some lasting truth. And I want you to be my acrobat. I want you to be my lover. Oh there were others who would treat you cruel. But oh Jeannie, I will always be your fool. And I want you to be my acrobat. I want you to be my lover. Oh there were others, and I've known quite a few. But oh oh Jeannie, I'm still in love with you. You stepped into my life from a bad dream. Making the life that I had seem suddenly shiny and new. Oh Jeannie, I'm so in love with you. You stepped into my life from a bad dream. Making the life that I had seem suddenly shiny and new. Oh Jeannie, I'm so in love with you. You stepped into my life from a bad dream. Making the life that I had seem suddenly shiny and new. Oh Jeannie, I'm so in love with you. ...Do you remember a guy that's been. In such an early song. I've heard a rumor from ground control. Oh no, don't say it's true. They got a message from the action man. "I'm happy, hope you're happy too. I've loved all I've needed love. Sordid details following". The shrieking of nothing is killing. Just pictures of Jap girls in synthesis and I. Ain't got no money and I ain't got no hair. But I'm hoping to kick but the planet is glowing. Ashes to ashes, funk to funky. We know Major Tom's a junkie. Strung out in Heaven's high. Hitting an all-time low. Time and again I tell myself. I'll stay clean tonight. But the little green wheels are following me. Oh no, not again. I'm stuck with a valuable friend. "I'm happy, hope you're happy too". One flash of light but no smoking pistol. I've never done good things. I've never done bad things. I never did anything out of the blue. Want an axe to break the ice. Wanna come down right now. Ashes to ashes, funk to funky. We know Major Tom's a junkie. Strung out in Heaven's high. Hitting an all-time low. My mother said, "To get things done. You'd better not mess with Major Tom". My mother said, "To get things done. You'd better not mess with Major Tom". My mother said, "To get things done. You'd better not mess with Major Tom". My mother said, "To get things done. You'd better not mess with Major Tom"NAGot a wife and kids in baltimore jack. I went out for a ride and i never went back. Like a river that don't know where it's flowing. I took a wrong turn and i just kept going. . Everybody's got a hungry heart. Everybody's got a hungry heart. Lay down your money and you play your part. Everybody's got a hungry heart. . I met her in a kingstown bar. We fell in love i knew it had to end. We took what we had and we ripped it apart. Now here i am down in kingstone again. . Everybody's got a hungry heart.... . Everybody needs a place to rest. Everybody wants to have a home. Don't make no difference what nobody says. Ain't nobody like to be alone. . Everybody's got a hungry heart...I got you. That's all I want. I won't forget. That's a whole lot. I don't go out. Not now that you're in. Sometimes we shout. But that's no problem. I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell that I'm not lying. Look at you. You're a pageant. You're everything. That I've imagined. But something's wrong. I feel uneasy. You show me. Tell me you're not teasing. I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell that I'm not lying. I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell me you're not lying. There's no doubt. Not when I'm with you. When I'm without. I stay in my room. Where do you go. I get no answer. You're always out. It gets on my nerves. I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell that I'm not lying. But I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell me you're not lying. I don't know why sometimes I get frightened. You can see my eyes, you can tell that I'm not lyingMake me tonight. Tonight make it right. Make me tonight. Tonight, tonight. Make it magnificent. Tonight right. Oh your hair is beautiful. Oh, tonight. Atomic. Tonight make it magnificent. Tonight make me tonight. Your hair is beautiful. Oh, tonight. Atomic, atomic, oh. Atomic, atomic, ohJohnny's always running around. Trying to find certainty. He needs all the world to confirm. That he ain't lonely. Mary counts the walls. Knows he tires easily. . Johnny thinks the world would be right. If it could buy truth from him. Mary says he changes his mind. More than a woman. But she made her bed. Even when the chance was slim. . Johnny says he's willing to learn. When he decides he's a fool. Johnny says he'll live anywhere. When he earns to time. Mary combs her hair. Says she should be used to it. . Mary always hedges her bets. She never knows what to think. She says that he still acts. Like he is being discovered. Scared that he'll be caught. Without a second thought. Running around. . Johnny feels he's wasting his breath. Trying to talk sense to her. Mary says he's lacking a real. Sense of proportion. So she combs her hair. Knows he tires easily. . Johnny's always running around. Trying to find certainty. He needs all the world to confirm. That he ain't lonely. Mary counts the walls. Says she should be used to it. . Johnny's always running around. Running aroundFour o'clock, I've been walkin' all night. It's the time I always think of you. If you could only see through my eyes. Then you'd know just what I'm going through. Here am I, I'm taking a chance. In running around with stars in my eyes. Here am I, I'm looking for you. Wondering why do I feel so blue. I'm dreamin', dreamin' of me and you, oh. I'm dreamin', dreamin' will see me through. Never letting chances pass me by. I'm gonna dream you right into my life. Yeah, dream you right into my life. (Dreamin', dreamin' will see me through). Woman, you'd better believe that I'm. (Dreamin' you into my life). Five o'clock, still walking around. I call you up but you just bring me down. I guess you'd say I'm getting nowhere. But in my dreams you always come around. Here am I, I'm taking a chance. I'm walking on air, flying so high. Here am I, I'm facing the truth. There's no other way I'll ever make you mine. I'm dreamin', dreamin' of me and you, oh. I'm dreamin', dreamin' will see me through. Never letting chances pass me by. I'm gonna dream you right into my life. Yeah, dream you right into my life. (Dreamin', dreamin' will see me through). Woman, you better believe that I'll be. (Dreamin' you into my life). Woman, you've got to believe me, woman. Oh woman, you've got to believe me woman I'll be. (Dreamin' you into my life). You've got to believe me, woman. Woman, oh woman, you've got to believe me, I'll be forever. (Dreamin' you into my life)I've got your picture of me and you. You wrote, "I love you", I love you too. I sit there staring and there's nothing else to do. Oh, it's in color, your hair is brown. Your eyes are hazel and soft as clouds. I often kiss you when there's no one else around. I've got your picture, I've got your picture. I'd like a million of you over myself. I want a doctor to take your picture. So I can look at you from inside as well. You've got me turning up and turning down. And turning in and turning 'round. I'm turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. I've got your picture, I've got your picture. I'd like a million of them over myself. I want a doctor to take your picture. So I can look at you from inside as well. You've got me turning up and turning down. And turning in and turning 'round. I'm turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. No sex, no drugs, no wine, no women. No fun, no sin, no you, no wonder it's dark. Everyone around me is a total stranger. Everyone avoids me like a cyclone ranger. Everyone. That's why I'm turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think so. Turning Japanese. I think I'm turning Japanese. I really think soWe got somethin', we both know it. We don't talk too much about it. Ain't no real big secret, all the same. Somehow we get around it. Listen, it don't really matter to me, baby. You believe what you wanna believe. You see, you don't have to live like a refugee. Somewhere, somehow, somebody. Must have kicked you around some. Tell me, why you wanna lay there. Revel in your abandon. Honey, it don't make no difference to me, baby. Everybody's had to fight to be free. You see, you don't have to live like a refugee. Don't have to live like a refugee. No, you don't have to live like a refugee. Don't have to live like a refugee, no. Baby, we ain't the first. I'm sure a lot of other lover's been burned. Right now this seems real to you. But it's one of those things you gotta feel to be true. You don't have to live like a refugee. You don't have to live like a refugee. And you don't have to live like a refugee. You don't have to live like a refugee. Somewhere, somehow, somebody. Must have kicked you around some. Who knows, maybe you were kidnapped. Tied up, taken away and held for ransom. Listen, it don't really matter to me, baby. Everybody's had to fight to be free. You see, you don't have to live like a refugee. Don't have to live like a refugee. No, you don't have to live like a refugee. Don't have to live like a refugee. No, you don't have to live like a refugee. Don't have to live like a refugeeShe was a fast machine. She kept her motor clean. She was the best damn woman I had ever seen. She had the sightless eyes. Telling me no lies. Knockin' me out with those American thighs. Taking more than her share. Had me fighting for air. She told me to come but I was already there. . 'Cause the walls start shaking. The earth was quaking. My mind was aching. And we were making it and you -. . Shook me all night long. . Working double time. On the seduction line. She was one of a kind, she's just mine all mine. She wanted no applause. Just another course. Made a meal out of me and came back for more. Had to cool me down. To take another round. Now I'm back in the ring to take another swing. . 'Cause the walls were shaking. The earth was quaking. My mind was aching. And we were making it and you -. . Shook me all night longDreamer, you know you are a dreamer. Well, can you put your hands in your head? Oh no. I said, "Dreamer, you're nothing but a dreamer". Well, can you put your hands in your head? Oh no. I said, "Far out, what a day, a year, a life it is". You know, well you know you had it comin' to you. Now there's not a lot I can do. Dreamer, you stupid little dreamer. So now you put your head in your hands, oh no. .... I said, "Far out, what a day, a year, a life this is". You know, well you know you had it comin' to you. Now there's not a lot I can do. .... Work it out someday. If I could see something. You can see anything you want, boy. If I could be someone. You can be anyone, celebrate, boy. Well, if I could do something. You can do something. If I could do anything. But can you do something out of this world?. Take a dream on a Sunday. Take a life, take a holiday. Take a lie, take a dreamer. Dream, dream, dream, dream, dream along. Dreamer, dream, dream along. C'mon and dream and dream along. C'mon and dream and dream along. C'mon and dream and dream along. Dreamer, you know you are a dreamer. Can you put your hands in your head? Oh no. I said dreamer, you're nothing but a dreamer. Can you put your hands in your head? Oh no, oh no. ...There must be some misunderstanding. There must be some kind of mistake. I waited in the rain for hours, you were late. Now it's not like me to say the right thing. But you could'nt called to let me know. I checked your number twice, don't understand it. So I went home. Well I'd been waiting for this weekend. I thought that may be we could see a show. Never dreamed I'd have this feeling. Oh but seeing you is believing. That's why I don't know why. You didn't show up that night. There must be some misunderstanding. There must be some kind of mistake. I was waiting in the rain for hours, you were late. Since then I've been runnin' around tryin' to find you. I went to the places that we always go. I rang your house but got no answer. Jumped in my car, I went round there. Still don't believe it, he was just leavin'. There must be some misunderstanding. There must be some kind of mistake. There must be some misunderstanding. There must be some kind of mistake. (There must be, there must be, ohh). Misunderstanding. (There must be, there must be, ohh). Misunderstanding. (There must be, there must be, ohh). Misunderstanding. (There must be, there must be, ohh). MisunderstandingShe's just sixteen years old. Leave her alone, they say. Separated by fools. Who don't know what love is yet. But I want you to know. If I could fly, I'd pick you up. I'd take you into the night. And show you a love. Like you've never seen, ever seen. It's like having a dream. Where nobody has a heart. It's like having it all. And watching it fall apart. And I would wait till the end of time for you. And do it again, it's true. I can't measure my love. There's nothing to compare it to. But I want you to know. If I could fly, I'd pick you up. I'd take you into the night. And show you a love. Ooh, if I could fly. I'd pick you up. I'd take you into the night. And show you a love. Like you've never seen, ever seen. Yeah, oohWait a minute, baby. Stay with me awhile. Said you'd give me light. But you never told me about the fire. Drowning in the sea of love. Where everyone would love to drown. But now it's gone. It doesn't matter what for. When you build your house. Then call me home. And he was just like a great dark wing. Within the wings of a storm. I think I had met my match, he was singing. And undoing and undoing the laces. Undoing the laces. Said Sara, "You're the poet in my heart. Never change, never stop. But now it's gone. It doesn't matter what for. But when you build your house. Well, then call me home". Hold on, the night is coming. And the starling flew for days. I'd stay at home at night all the time. I'd go anywhere, anywhere, anywhere. Ask me and I'm there, yeah, ask me. And I'm there because I care. In the sea of love. Where everyone would love to drown. But now it's gone. They say it doesn't matter any more. If you build your house then please call me. Ho Sarah, you're the poet in my heart. Never change and don't you ever stop. And now it's gone. No, it doesn't matter any more. When you build your house, I'll come by. Sarah. Sarah. Sarah. ...Seems like yesterday. But it was long ago. Janey was lovely she was the queen of my nights. There in the darkness with the radio playing low and the secrets that we shared. Mountains that we moved. Caught like a wildfire out of control. 'Til there was nothing left to burn and nothing left to prove. And I remember what she said to me. How she swore that it never would end. I remember how she held me oh so tight. Wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then. Against the wind. We were runnin' against the wind. We were young and strong we were runnin'. Against the wind. The years rolled slowly past. And I found myself alone. Surrounded by strangers I thought were my friends. Found myself further and further from my home and I guess I lost my way. There were oh so many roads. I was living to run and running to live. Never worried about paying or even how much I owed. Moving eight miles a minute for months at a time. Breaking all of the rules that would bend. I began to find myself searching. Searching for shelter again and again. Against the wind. Little something against the wind. I found myself seeking shelter. Against the wind. Well those drifter's days are past me now. I've got so much more to think about. Deadlines and commitments. What to leave in what to leave out. Against the wind. I'm still runnin' against the wind. I'm older now but still runnin' against the wind. Well I'm older now and still runnin'. Against the wind. Against the wind. Against the wind. Still runnin'. (against the wind). I'm still runnin' against the wind. (against the wind). I'm still runnin'. (against the wind). I'm still runnin' against the wind. (against the wind). Still runnin'. (against the wind). Runnin' against the wind runnin' against the wind. (against the wind). See the young man run. (against the wind). Watch the young man run. (against the wind). Watch the young man runnin'. (against the wind). He'll be runnin' against the wind. (against the wind). Let the cowboys ride. (against the wind). A-a-a-a-h.... (against the wind). Let the cowboys ride. (against the wind). They'll be ridin' against the wind. (against the wind). Against the wind .... (against the wind). Ridin' against the wind. (against the wind). (against the wind). Ride-ride-ride-ride-rideMadness. Complete Madness. One Step Beyond. (Cecil Campbell). . (Hey you, don't watch that,.  Watch this!.  This is the heavy heavy monster sound.  One step beyond!). . (One step beyond!...). . (...One step beyond!)There's a brand new dance but I don't know its name. That people from bad homes do again and again. It's big and it's bland full of tension and fear. They do it over there but we don't do it here. (Fashion). Turn to the left. (Fashion). Turn to the right. (Ooo, fashion). We are the goon squad and we're coming to town. (Beep beep). (Beep beep). Listen to me, don't listen to me. Talk to me, don't talk to me. Dance with me, don't dance with me, no. (Beep beep). There's a brand new talk, but it's not very clear. (Oo bop). That people from good homes are talking this year. (Oo bop, fashion). It's loud and tasteless and I've heard it before. (Oo bop). You shout it while you're dancing on the dance floor. (Oo bop, fashion). (Fashion). Turn to the left. (Fashion). (Right). (Fashion). We are the goon squad and we're coming to town. (Beep beep). Listen to me, don't listen to me. Talk to me, don't talk to me. Dance with me, don't dance with me, no. (Beep beep). (Beep beep). Oo, bop, do do do do do do do do. Fa-fa-fa-fa-fashion. Oo, bop, do do do do do do do do. Fa-fa-fa-fa-fashion. La la la la, la, la, la, la. Oo, bop, do do do do do do do do. Fa-fa-fa-fa-fashion. Oo, bop, do do do do do do do do. Fa-fa-fa-fa-fashion. La la la la, la, la, la, laIt is the night. My body's weak. I'm on the run. No time to sleep. I've got to ride. Ride like the wind. To be free again. And I've got such a long way to go. To make it to the border of Mexico. So I'll ride like the wind. Ride like the wind. I was born the son of a lawless man. Always spoke my mind with a gun in my hand. Lived nine lives. Gunned down ten. Gonna ride like the wind. And I've got such a long way to go. To make it to the border of Mexico. So I'll ride like the wind. Ride like the wind. Accused and tried and told to hang. I was nowhere in sight when the church bells rang. Never was the kind to do as I was told. Gonna ride like the wind before I get old. It is the night. My body's weak. I'm on the run. No time to sleep. I've got to ride. Ride like the wind. To be free again. And I've got such a long way to go. To make it to the border of Mexico. So I'll ride like the wind. Ride like the windJeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Hans plays with Lotte, Lotte plays with Jane. Jane plays with Willi, Willi is happy again. Suki plays with Leo, Sacha plays with Britt. Adolf builds a bonfire, Enrico plays with it.. Whistling tunes, we hide in the dunes by the seaside.. Whistling tunes, we're kissing baboons in the jungle.. It's a knockout.. If looks could kill, they probably will. In games without frontiers. War without tears.. If looks could kill, they probably will. In games without frontiers. War without tears.. Games without frontiers. War without tears.. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Andre has a red flag, Chiang Ching's is blue. They all have hills to fly them on except for Lin Tai Yu. Dressing up in costumes, playing silly games. Hiding out in treetops, shouting out rude names.. Whistling tunes, we hide in the dunes by the seaside.. Whistling tunes, we piss on the goons in the jungle.. It's a knockout.. If looks could kill, they probably will. In games without frontiers. War without tears.. If looks could kill, they probably will. In games without frontiers. War without tears.. Games without frontiers. War without tears.. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans Frontières. Jeux Sans FrontièresWell you're the real tough cookie with a long history. Of breaking little hearts, like the one in me. That's okay let's see how you do it. Put up your dukes, let's get down to it. . Hit me with your best shot. Why don't you hit me with your best shot?. Hit me with your best shot. Fire away. . You come on with a come on, you don't fight fair. But that's okay, see if I care. Knock me down, it's all in vain. I'll get right back up on my feet again. . Hit me with your best shot. Why don't you hit me with your best shot?. Hit me with your best shot. Fire away. . Well you're a real tough cookie with a long history. Of breaking little hearts, like the one in me. Before I put another notch in my lipstick case. You better make sure you put me in my place. . Hit me with your best shot. Come on, hit me with your best shot. Hit me with your best shot. Fire away. . Hit me with your best shot. Why don't you hit me with your best shot?. Hit me with your best shot. Fire awayHer hair is Harlow gold. Her lips sweet surprise. Her hands are never cold. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll turn the music on you. You won't have to think twice. She's pure as New York snow. She's got Bette Davis eyes. And she'll tease you. She'll unease you. All the better just to please you. She's precocious. And she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush. She's got Greta Garbo stand-off sighs. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll let you take her home. (It whets her appetite). She'll lay you on the throne. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll take a tumble on you. Roll you like you were dice. Until you come up blue. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll expose you. When she snows you off your feet with the crumbs she throws you. She's ferocious. And she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush. All the boys think she's a spy. She's got Bette Davis eyes. And she'll tease you. She'll unease you. All the better just to please you. She's precocious. And she knows just what it takes to make a pro blush. All the boys think she's a spy. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll tease you. She'll unease you. Just to please you. She's got Bette Davis eyes. She'll expose you. When she snows you. She knows you. She's got Bette Davis eyes...Sometimes I feel I've got to. Run away, I've got to. Get away from the pain you drive into the heart of me. The love we share. Seems to go nowhere. And I've lost my light. For I toss and turn, I can't sleep at night. Once I ran to you (I ran). Now I'll run from you. This tainted love you've given. I give you all a boy could give you. Take my tears, and that's not nearly all. Tainted love (Oh oh). Tainted love. Now I know I've got to. Run away, I've got to. Get away, you don't really want any more from me. To make things right. You need someone to hold you tight. And you think love is to pray. But I'm sorry, I don't pray that way. Once I ran to you (I ran). Now I'll run from you. This tainted love you've given. I give you all a boy could give you. Take my tears, and that's not nearly all. Tainted love (Oh oh). Tainted love. Don't touch me, please. I cannot stand the way you tease. I love you though you hurt me so. Now I'm gonna pack my things and go. Tainted love (Oh). Tainted love (Oh). Tainted love (Oh). Tainted love (Oh). Touch me, baby, tainted love. Touch me, baby, tainted love. Tainted love (Oh). Tainted love (Oh). Tainted love. Tainted loveI can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh Lord. And I've been waiting for this moment for all my life, oh Lord. Can you feel it comin' in the air tonight? Oh Lord, oh Lord. Well if you told me you were drowning. I would not lend a hand. I've seen your face before my friend. But I don't know if you know who I am. And I was there and I saw what you did. I saw it with my own two eyes. So you can wipe off that grin, I know where you've been. It's all been a pack o' lies. And I can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh Lord. I've been waiting for this moment all my life, oh Lord. I can feel it comin' in the air tonight, oh Lord. And I've been waiting for this moment all my life, oh Lord, oh Lord. Well I remember, I remember, don't worry. How could I ever forget. It's the first time, the last time we ever met. But I know the reason why you keep your silence up. No you don't fool me. The hurt doesn't show. But the pain still grows. Some stranger to you and me. I can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh Lord. Well, I've been waiting for this moment for all my life, oh Lord. I can feel it in the air tonight, oh Lord, oh Lord. But I've been waiting for this moment for all my life, oh Lord. I can feel it coming in the air tonight, oh Lord. And I've been waiting for this moment all my life, oh Lord. I can feel it in the air tonight oh Lord, oh Lord, oh Lord. Well, I've been waiting for this moment all my life, oh Lord, oh Lord. I can feel it in the air tonight, oh Lord,oh Lord, oh. I've been waiting for this moment all my life, oh Lord, oh LordToe to toe, dancing very close. Body breathing, almost comatose. Wall to wall, people hypnotized. And they're stepping lightly. Hang each night, in Rapture. Back to back, sacroiliac. Spineless movement and a wild attack. Face to face, sightless solitude. And it's finger popping. Twenty four hour shopping in Rapture. Fab Five Freddy told me everybody's fly. D.J. spinning, I said, "My my". Flash is fast, flash is cool. Francois, c'est pas flashe non due. And you don't stop, sure shot. Go out to the parking lot. And you get in your car and drive real far. And you drive all night and then you see a light. And it comes right down and it lands on the ground. And out comes the man from Mars. And you try to run but he's got a gun. And he shoots you dead and he eats your head. And then you're in the man from Mars. You go out at night eating cars. You eat Cadillacs, Lincolns too. Mercurys and Subaru. And you don't stop, you keep on eating cars. Then when there's no more cars you go out at night. And eat up bars, where the people meet. Face to face, dance cheek to cheek. One to one, man to man, dance toe to toe, don't move too slow. 'Cause the man from Mars, is through with cars. He's eating bars,yeah, wall to wall. Door to door, hall to hall, he's gonna eat 'em all, Rapture, be pure. Take a tour through the sewer. Don't strain your brain. Paint a train, you'll be singing in the rain. Said don't stop to the punk rock. Back to back, body muscular. Spinless movement, bite the jugular. One to one, tea time technology. And a  digital ardour, no sign of saviour in Rapture. Well now you see what you wanna be, just have your party on T.V. 'Cause the man from Mars won't eat up bars where the T.V's on. And now he's gone, back up to space. Where he won't have a hassle with the human race. And you hip hop, and you don't stop. Just blast off, sure shot. 'Cause the man from Mars stopped eating cars. And eating bars, and now he only eats guitars, get upYou should have seen by the. Look in my eyes baby. There was something missin'. You should have know by the. Tone of my voice maybe. But you didn't listen. You played dead. But you never bled. Instead you laid still in the grass. All coiled up and hissin'. You know I know. All about those men. Still I don't remember. 'Cause it was us baby. Way before them. And we're still together. And I meant every word I said. When I said that I loved you. I meant that I love you forever. And i'm gonna keep on lovin' you. Cause it's the only thing I wanna do. I don't wanna sleep. I just wanna keep on lovin' you. And I meant every word I said. When I said that I love you. I meant that I love you forever. And i'm gonna keep on lovin' you. Cause it's the only thing i wanna do. I don't wanna sleep. I just wanna keep on lovin' you. Baby, I'm gonna keep on lovin' you. Cause it's the only thing I wanna do. I don't wanna sleep. I just wanna keep on lovin' youIf you start me up. If you start me up I'll never stop. If you start me up. And start me up I'll never stop. I've been runnin' hot. You got me tickin' gonna blow my top. If you start me up. I'll never stop. You make a grown man cry. You make a grown man cry. You make a grown man cry. Spread out the oil, the gasoline. I walk smooth, ride in a mean. Mean machine. Start it up. If you start me up. Kick on the starter give it all you got. I can't compete. With the riders in the other heats. If you tough it up. If you like it you can slide it up. If you start me up. I'll never stop. Don't make a grown man cry. Don't make a grown man cry. Don't make a grown man cry. My eyes dilate, my lips go green. I walk smooth, ride in a mean. Mean machine. Start it up. You make a grown man cry. You make a grown man cry. You make a grown man cry. Ride like the wind at double speed. I'll take you places that you've never, never seen. Start me up I'll never stop. Start me up I'll never stop. Start me up I'll never stop. Never stop, never, never, never stop. Start me up. You, you, you make a grown man cry. You, you, you make a grown man cry. You, you make a dead man cum. You, you make a grown man cry. Start me upSo long. I've been looking too hard, I've waiting too long. Sometimes I don't know what I will find. I only know it's a matter of time. When you love someone. When you love someone. It feels so right, so warm and true. I need to know if you feel it too. Maybe I'm wrong. Won't you tell me if I'm coming on too strong. This heart of mine has been hurt before. This time I want be be sure. I've been waiting for a girl like you. To come into my life. I've been waiting for a girl like you. A love that will survive. I've been waiting for someone new. To make me feel alive. Yeah, waiting for a girl like you. To come into my life. You're so good. When we make love it's understood. It's more than a touch or a word we say. Only in dreams could it be this way. When you love someone. Yeah, really love someone. Now, I know it's right. From the moment I wake up till deep in the night. There's no where on earth that I'd rather be. Than holding you, tenderly. I've been waiting for a girl like you. To come into my life. I've been waiting for a girl like you. A love that will survive. I've been waiting for someone new. To make me feel alive. Yeah, waiting for a girl like you. To come into my life. I've been waiting. waiting for you. I've been waiting. I've been waiting. come into my lifeWell I've tried before to tell her. All the feelings I have for her in my heart. Every time that I come near her. I just lose my nerve as I've done from the start. Every little thing she does is magic. Everything she do just turn me on. Even though my life before was tragic. Now I know my love for her goes on. Well I had to tell the story. Of a thousand rainy days since we first met. It's a big enough umbrella. But it's always me that ends up getting wet. Every little thing she does is magic. Everything she do just turn me on. Even though my life before was tragic. Now I know my love for her goes on. I resolve to call her up. A thousand times in day. And ask her if she'll marry me. In some old fashioned way. But my silent fears have gripped me. Long before I reach the phone. And before my tongue has tricked me. Must I always be alone?. Every little thing she does is magic. The everything she do just turn me on. Even though my life before was tragic. Now I know my love for her goes on. The every little thing she does is magic. The everything she do just turn me on. Even though my life before was tragic. Now I know my love for her goes on. And every little thing. Every little thing, every little thing. Every little thing, every little. Every little every little. Every little thing she does. Every little thing she does. Every little thing she does. Every little thing she does. This is the little magic. Every little thing every little thing. Every little thing she do is magic. Magic, magic, magic, magic, magicLooking out a dirty old window.. Down below the cars in the city go rushing by.. I sit here alone and I wonder why.. . Friday night and everyone's moving.. I can feel the heat but it's soothing.. Heading down, I search for the beat in this dirty town.. . Down town the young ones are going.. Down town the young ones are growing.. . We're the kids in America.. We're the kids in America.. Everybody live for the music-go-round.. . Bright ligths the music get faster.. Look boy, don't check on your watch, not another glance.. I'm not leaving now, honey not a chance.. . Hot-shot, give me no problems.. Much later baby you'll be saying never mind.. You know life is cruel, life is never kind.. . Kind hearts don't make a new story.. Kind hearts don't grab any glory.. . We're the kids in America.. We're the kids in America.. Everybody live for the music-go-round.. . Come closer, honey that's better.. Got to get a brand new experience.. Feeling right.. Oh don't try to stop baby.. Hold me tight.. . Outside a new day is dawning.. Outside Suburbia's sprawling everywhere.. I don't want to go baby.. New York to East California.. There's a new wave coming I warn you.. . We're the kids in America.. We're the kids in America.. Everybody live for the music-go-round.. . We're the kids. We're the kids. We're the kids in AmericaNAPressure pushing down on me. Pressing down on you no man ask for. Under pressure. That burns a building down. Splits a family in two. Puts people on streets. It's the terror of knowing. What this world is about. Watching some good friends. Screaming get me out. Tomorrow takes me higher. Pressure on people. People on streets. Day day day. Okay. Chippin' around. Kick my brains round the floor. These are the days. It never rains but it pours. People on streets. People on streets. It's the terror of knowing. What this world is about. Watching some good friends. Screaming let me out. Tomorrow takes me high, high, higher. Pressure on people. People on streets. Turned away from it all. Like the blind man. Sat on a fence but it don't work. Keep coming up with love. But it's so slashed and torn. Why why why?. Love, love, love, love. Insanity laughs under pressure we're cracking. Can't we give ourselves one more chance?. Why can't we give love that one more chance?. Why can't we give love give love give love?. Give love, give love, give love. Give love, give love, give love?. 'Cause love's such an old fashioned word. And love dares you to care. For the people on the edge of the night. And love dares you to change our way. Of caring about ourselves. This is our last dance. This is our last dance. This is ourselves. Under pressure. Under pressure. PressureDon't think me unkind. Words are hard to find. They're only cheques I've left unsigned. From the banks of chaos in my mind. And when their eloquence escapes me. Their logic ties me up and rapes me. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. Their innocence will pull me through. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. They're meaningless and all that's true. Poets, priests and poiticians. Have words to thank for their positions. Words that scream for your submission. And no-one's jamming their transmission. And when their eloquence escapes you. Their logic ties you up and rapes you. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. Their innocence will pull me through. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. They're meaningless and all that's true. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. Their innocence will pull me through. De do do do, de da da da. Is all I want to say to you. De do do do, de da da da. They're meaningless and all that's trueHold on tight to your dream. Hold on tight to your dream. When you see your ship go sailing. When you feel your heart is breaking. Hold on tight to your dream. It's a long time to be gone. Time just rolls on and on. When you need a shoulder to cry on. When you get so sick of trying. Just hold on tight to your dream. When you get so down that you can't get up. And you want so much but you're all out of luck. When you're so downhearted and misunderstood. Just over and over and over you could. Accroches-toi a ton reve. Accroches-toi a ton reve. Quand tu vois ton bateau partir. Quand tu sents ton coeur se briser. Accroches-toi a ton reve. When you get so down that you can't get up. And you want so much but you're all out of luck. When you're so downhearted and misunderstood. Just over and over and over you could. Hold on tight to your dream. Hold on tight to your dream. When you see the shadows falling. When you hear that cold wind calling. Hold on tight to your dream. Oh, yeah. Hold on tight to your dream. Yeah, hold on tight. To your dreamI'm shouting all about love while they treated you like a dog. When you were the one who had made it so clear, all those years ago. I'm talking all about how to give, they don't act with much honesty. But you point the way to the truth when you say, all you need is love. . Living with good and bad, I always looked up to you. Now we're left cold and sad by someone, the devil's best friend. Someone who offended all, we're living in a bad dream. They've forgotten all about mankind and you were the one. They backed up to the wall. . All those years ago, you were the one who imagined it all. All those years ago, all those years ago, all those years ago. . Deep in the darkest night, I send out a prayer to you. Now in the world of light where the spirit free of the lies. And all else that we despised, they've forgotten all about God. He's the only reason we exist, yet you were the one. That they said was so weird. . All those years ago, you said it all though not many had ears. All those years ago, you had control of our smiles and our tears. All those years ago, all those years ago, all those years agoForeigner. 4. Urgent. You're not shy, you get around. You wanna fly, don't want your feet on the ground. You stay up, you won't come down. You wanna live, you wanna move to the sound. . Got fire in your veins. Burnin' hot but you don't feel the pain. Your desire is insane. You can't stop until you do it again. . But sometimes I wonder as I look in your eyes. Maybe you're thinking of some other guy. But I know, yes I know, how to treat you right. That's why you call me in the middle of the night. . You say it's urgent. So urgent, so oh oh urgent. Just wait and see. How urgent my love can be. It's urgent. . You play tricks on my mind. You're everywhere but you're so hard to find. You're not warm or sentimental. You're so extreme, you can be so temperamental. . But I'm not looking for a love that will last. I know what I need and I need it fast. Yeah, there's one thing in common that we both share. That's a need for for each other anytime, anywhere. . It gets so urgent. So urgent. You know it's urgent. I wanna tell you it's the same for me. So oh oh urgent. Just you wait and see. How urgent our love can be. It's urgent. . You say it's urgent. Make it fast, make it urgent. Do it quick, do it urgent. Gotta rush, make it urgent. Want it quick. Urgent, urgent, emergency. Urgent, urgent, emergency. Urgent, urgent, emergency. Urgent, urgent, emergency. So urgent, emergency. Emer... emer... emer.... It's urgentThey passed me by, all of those great romances. You were, I felt, robbing me of my rightful chances. My picture clear, everything seemed so easy. And so I dealt you the blow. One of us had to go. Now it's different, I want you to know. One of us is crying. One of us is lying in her lonely bed. Staring at the ceiling. Wishing she was somewhere else instead. One of us is lonely. One of us is only waiting for a call. Sorry for herself, feeling stupid, feeling small. Wishing she had never left at all. I saw myself as a concealed attraction. I felt you kept me away from the heat and the action. Just like a child, stubborn and misconceiving. That's how I started the show. One of us had to go. Now I've changed and I want you to know. One of us is crying. One of us is lying in her lonely bed. Staring at the ceiling. Wishing she was somewhere else instead. One of us is lonely. One of us is only waiting for a call. Sorry for herself, feeling stupid, feeling small. Wishing she had never left at all, never left at all. Staring at the ceiling. Wishing she was somewhere else instead. One of us is lonely. One of us is only waiting for a call. Sorry for herself, feeling stupid, feeling smallBilly left his home with a dollar in his pocket and a head full of dreams. He said somehow, some way, it's gotta get better than this. Patti packed her bags, left a note for her momma. She was just seventeen. There were tears in her eyes when she kissed her little sister goodbye. . They held each other tight as they drove on through the night. They were so exited. We got just one shot of life, let's take it while we're still not afraid. Because life is so brief and time is a thief when you're undecided. And like a fistful of sand, it can slip right through your hands. . Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. Don't let them put you down, don't let 'em push you around. Don't let 'em ever change your point of view. . Paradise was closed so they headed for the coast in a blissful manner. They took a two room apartment that was jumping. Ev'ry night of the week. Happiness was found in each other's arms as expected, yeah. Billy pierced his ears, drove a pickup like a lunatic, ooh. . Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. Don't let them put you down, don't let 'em push you around. Don't let 'em ever change your point of view. . Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. . Billy wrote a letter back home to Patti's parents tryin' to explain. He said we're both real sorry that it had to turn out this way. But there ain't no point in talking when there's nobody list'ning. So we just ran away. Patti gave birth to a ten pound baby boy, yeah. . Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. Young hearts be free tonight, time is on your side. . Young hearts gotta run free, be free, live free. Time is on, time is on your side. Time, time, time, time is on your side. Is on your side. Is on your side. Young hearts be free tonight. Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, yeahYou gotta speed it up. And then you gotta slow it down. 'Cause if you believe that our love can hit the top. You gotta play around. But soon you will find that there comes a time. For making your mind up. You gotta turn it on. And then you gotta put it out. You gotta be sure that it's something. Everybody's gonna talk about. Before you decide that the time's arrived. For making your mind up. Don't let your indecision. Take you from behind. Trust your inner vision. Don't let others change your mind. And now you really gotta burn it up. And make another fly by night. Get a run for your money. And take a chance and it'll turn out right. But when you can see how it's gotta be. You're making your mind up. And try to look as if you don't care less. But if you wanna see some more. Bending the rules of the game. Will let you find the one you're looking for. And then you can show that you think you know. You're making your mind up. Don't let your indecision. Take you from behind. Trust your inner vision. Don't let others change your mind. And now you really gotta speed it up. And then you gotta slow it down. 'Cause if you believe that our love can hit the top. You gotta play around. But soon you will find that there comes a time. For making your mind up. And now you really gotta speed it up. And then you gotta slow it down. 'Cause if you believe that our love can hit the top. You gotta play around. But soon you will find that there comes a time. For making your mind up. For making your mind up. For making your mind up. For making your mind upTonight's the night we'll make history, honey, you and I. Cause I'll take any risk to tie back the hands of time. And stay with you here tonight. I know you feel these are the worst of times. I do believe it's true. When people lock their doors and hide inside. Rumor has it it's the end of Paradise. But I know, if the world just passed us by. Baby I know, I wouldn't have to cry no, no. The best of times are when I'm alone with you. Some rain some shine, we'll make this a world for two. Our memories of yesterday will last a lifetime. We'll take the best, forget the rest. And someday we'll find these are the best of times. These are the best of times. The headlines read 'these are the worst of times'. I do believe it's true. I feel so helpless like a boat against the tide. I wish the summer wind could bring back Paradise. But I know, if the world turned upside down. Baby, I know you'd always be around. The best of times are when I'm alone with you. Some rain some shine, we'll make this a world for two. When I'm alone with you. Everythings alright. When I'm alone with you. You brighten up the night. Said when I'm alone with youYou say everything's alright. I say nothing can go right, yeah. Oh what a game you can play. Sad days add to confusion. Sad ways end in dillusion, yeah. That's the name of the game. Chorus. Well I know your love is rough. And the road you take is tough. But I just can't get enough. Chequered love. Touch me, do what you want to. Say no, then, I just need you. Babe, your gonna drive me insane. You are man for all seasons. You are man with no reasons, yeah. You're the man with no pain. Chorus. Oh I can't let go ( x2 ). 'cos I need you so tonight. You say everything's alright. I say nothing can go right, yeah. Oh what a game you can play. Sad days add to confusion. Sad ways end in dillusion, yeah. That's the name of the game. Well I know your love is rough. And the road you take is tough. But I just can't get enough. Chequered love. Oh I can't let go ( x2 ). 'cos I need you so tonightI was dreaming of the past. And my heart was beating fast. I began to lose control. I began to lose control. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy. I was feeling insecure. You might not love me anymore. I was shivering inside. I was shivering inside. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. I didn't want to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy. I was trying to catch your eye. I thought that you was trying to hide. I was swallowing my pain. I was swallowing my pain. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guyStand up in a clear blue morning. Until you see. What can be. Alone in a cold day dawning,. Are you still free?. Can you be?. When some cold tomorrow finds you,. When some sad old dream reminds you. How the endless road unwinds you?. While you see a chance take it,. Find romance fake it. Because it's all on you. Don't you know by now no one gives you anything. Don't you wonder how you keep on moving. One more day your way. When there's no one left to leave you,. Even you don't quite believe you. That's when nothing can deceive you. Stand up in a clear blue morning. Until you see. What can be. Alone in a cold day dawning,. Are you still free?. Can you be?. And that old gray wind is blowing. And there's nothing left worth knowing. And it's time you should be goingYeah. I can tell by the look in your eyes. you've been bored for a long, long time.. You need love and so do I. let's turn it all around.. I don't want an everlasting thing,. I don't care if I see you again. so grab your coat and honey tell your friends. you won't be home,. you won't be home,. you won't be home.. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything that you want me to. don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything 'cos I want you to.. Just don't hurt me, baby.. Yeah. I don't really want to challenge you. marry you or remember you.. I just wanna make love to you. for twenty four hours or more.. or more. I'm only looking for a fantasy,. an interlude from reality. don't want nobody tryin' to rescue me. so rock me babe,. rock me babe,. rock me, rock me.. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything that you want me to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything 'cos I want you to.. I want you to. And tomorrow morning we won't cry. you go your way, honey, I'll go mine.. I'm the one who didn't waste your time. remember me this way.. And if you never see my face again,. think of me as a permanent friend,. the one who loved you like a hurricane. then disappeared,. disappeared,. disappeared.. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything that you want me to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything 'cos I want you to.. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything that you want me to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm Yours. do anything 'cos I want you to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm yours,. do anything that you want me to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight I'm Yours. do anything 'cos I want you to. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Tonight you're mine,. tonight you're mine. do anything,. do anything. Tonight you're mine,. tonight you're mine. tonight, always tonight you're mine.. Do anything that you,. do anything that you,. do anything that you want me to,. you want me to, you want me to,. you want me, want me, want me,. just do anything. anything your heart desires, babe.Well I'm standing here looking at you. What do I see? I'm looking straight through. It's so sad when you're young. To be told you're having fun. So unplug the jukebox and do us all a favor. That music's lost it's taste so try another flavor. Antmusic, antmusic, antmusic, antmusic. Well I'm standing here what do I see?. A big nothing threatening me. It's so sad when you're young. To be told you're having fun. So unplug the jukebox and do us all a favor. That music's lost it's taste so try another flavor. Antmusic, antmusic, antmusic, antmusic. So unplug the jukebox and do us all a favor. That music's lost it's taste so try another flavor. Antmusic, antmusic, antmusic, antmusic. Don't tread on an ant he's done nothing to you. There might come a day when he's treading on you. Don't tread on an ant you'll end up black and blue. You cut off his head, legs come looking for you. So unplug the jukebox and do us all a favor. That music's lost it's taste so try another flavor. Antmusic, antmusic, antmusic, antmusic. So unplug the jukebox and do us all a favor. That music's lost it's taste so try another flavor. Antmusic, antmusic, antmusic, antmusicNAHeard it from a friend who, heard it from a friend who. Heard it from another you been messin' around. They say you got a boyfriend, you're out late every weekend. They're talkin' about you and it's bringin' me down. But I know the neighborhood. And talk is cheap when the story is good. And the tales grow taller on down the line. But I'm telling you, babe, that I don't think it's true, babe. And even if it is keep this in mind. You take it on the run baby. If that's the way you want it baby. Then I don't want you around. I don't believe it, not for a minute. You're under the gun so you take it on the run. You're thinking up your white lies. You're puttin' on your bedroom eyes. You say you're coming home but you won't say when. But I can feel it coming if you leave tonight keep running. And you need never look back again. You take it on the run baby. If that's the way you want it baby. Then I don't want you around. I don't believe it, not for a minute. You're under the gun so you take it on the run. You take it on the run baby. If that's the way you want it baby. Then I don't want you around. I don't believe it not for a minute. You're under the gun so you take it on the run. Take it on the run baby. If that's the way you want it baby. Then I don't want you around. I don't believe it, not for a minute. You're under the gun so you take it on the run. Heard it from a friend who, heard it from a friend who. Heard it from another you been messin' aroundIs everything alright I just called to say. How lost I feel without you. Miles away I really can't believe I'm near. And how I still care about you. Hearts can break and never mend together. Love can fade away. Hearts could cry when love won't stay forever. Hearts can be that way. Is everything the same do you ever think of me. And how we loved one another. Will you change your mind will you wander back. Again or have you found yourself a new love. Hearts can break and never mend together. Love can fade away. Hearts could cry when love won't stay forever. Hearts can be that way. Is everything okay I just thought I'd write a song. To tell the world how I miss you. 'Cause each and every day I think of all the words. I never said and all the chances that I had you. Hearts can break and never mend together. Love can fade away. Hearts could cry when love won't stay forever. hearts can be that way. Hearts can be that way. Hearts can be is everything alrightLook up on the wall, there on the floor,. Under the pillow, behind the door.. There's a crack in the mirror.. Somewhere there's a hole in a window-pane.. Do you think I'm to blame?. Tell me do you think I'm to blame?. When they do it you're never there.. When they show it you stop and stare.. Abacab He's in anywhere.. Abacab. If you're wrapping up the world. 'Cos you've taken someone elses girl,. When they turn on the pillow,. Even when they answer the telephone,. Don't you think that by now,. Tell me, don't you think that by now.. When they do it you're never there.. When they show it you stop and stare.. Abacab He's in anywhere.. Abacab Doesn't really care.. you want it, you got it, you gotta go. you want it, you got it, now you know. It's an illusion, It's a game,. Or reflection of someone else's name.. When you wake in the morning,. Wake and find you're covered in cellophane.. Well, there's a hole in there somewhere.. Yeah, there's a hole in there somewhere.. Baby, there's a hole in there somewhere.. Now there's a hole in there somewhere.. When they do it you're never there.. When they show it you stop and stare.. Abacab he's in anywhere.. AbacabNAWatching girls go passing by. It ain't that latest thing. I'm just standing in a doorway. I'm just trying to make some sense. Out of these girls go passing by. The tales they tell of men. I'm not waiting on a lady. I'm just waiting on a friend. A smile relieves a heart that grieves. Remember what I said. I'm not waiting on a lady. I'm just waiting on a friend. Just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. Don't need a whore. I don't need no food. Don't need a virgin priest. I need someone I can cry to. I need someone to protect. I'm making love and breaking hearts. It is a game for youth. I'm not waiting on a lady, oh yeah. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friend. I'm just waiting on a friendPeople say I'm crazy. Doing what I'm doing. Well, they give me all kinds of warnings. To save me from ruin. When I say that I'm okay. Well, they look at me kinda strange. Surely you're not happy now. You no longer play the game. People say I'm lazy. Dreaming my life away. Well, they give me all kinds of advice. Designed to enlighten me. When I tell them that I'm doing fine. Watching shadows on the wall. Don't you miss the big time, boy?. You're no longer on the ball. I'm just sitting here. Watching the wheels go round and round. I really love to watch them roll. No longer riding on the merry-go-round. I just had to let it go. Ah, people asking questions. Lost in confusion. Well, I tell them there's no problem. Only solutions. Well, they shake their heads. And they look at me as if I've lost my mind. I told them there's no hurry. I-I'm just sitting here doing time. I'm just sitting here. Watching the wheels go round and round. I really love to watch them roll. No longer riding on the merry-go-round. I just had to let it go. I just had to let it go. I just had to let it goThere is no political solution. To our troubled evolution. Have no faith in constitution. There is no bloody revolution. We are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Our so-called leaders speak. With words they try to jail ya. They subjugate the meek. But it's the rhetoric of failure. We are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Where does the answer lie?. Living from day to day. If it's something we can't buy. There must be another way. We are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material world. Are spirits in the material worldI was dreamin' of the past. And my heart was beating fast. I began to lose control. I began to lose control. . I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy. . I was feeling insecure. You might not love me anymore. I was shivering inside. I was shivering inside. . Oh, I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy. . I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy. . I was trying to catch your eyes. Thought that you was trying to hide. I was swallowing my pain. I was swallowing my pain. . I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm sorry that I made you cry. Oh no, I didn't want to hurt you. I'm just a jealous guy, watch out. I'm just a jealous guy, look out, babe. I'm just a jealous guyNow everybody have you heard. If you're in the game, then the stroke's the word. Don't take no rhythm, don't take no style. Got a thirst for killin', grab your vile. You put your right hand out, give a firm hand-shake. Talk to me about that one big break. Spread your ear-pollution both far and wide. Keep your contributions by your side, stroke has struck me. Could be a winner, boy, you move quite well. Stroke has struck me, stroke has struck me. You got your number down, stroke has struck me. Say you're a winner but man you're just a sinner now. You put your left foot out keep it all in place. Work your way right into my case. First you try to bed me you make my backbone slide. But when you found you bled me, skip on by, keep on. Stroke has struck me. Give me the business all night long. Stroke has struck me, stroke has struck me. You're so together boy, stroke has struck me. Say you're a winner but man you're just a sinner now. Better listen now, it ain't no joke. (Said). Let your conscience fail ya, just do the stroke. Don'tcha take no chances, keep your eye on top. Do your fancy dances, you can't stop you just. Stroke has struck me, stroke has struck me. Better listen now, it ain't no joke. (Said). Let your conscience fail ya, just do the stroke. Don'tcha take no chances, keep your eye on top. Do your fancy dances, you can't stop you just. Stroke has struck me, stroke has struck me. Better listen now, it ain't no joke. (Said). Let your conscience fail ya, just do the stroke. Don'tcha take no chances, keep your eye on top. Do your fancy dances, you can't stop you just. Stroke has struck me, stroke has struck me. Say you're a winner but man you're just a sinner nowYou better, you better, you bet. You better, you better, you bet. You better, you better, you bet. You better, you better, you bet. I call you on the telephone my. Voice too rough with cigarettes. I sometimes feel I should just go home. But I'm dealing with a memory that never forgets. I love to hear you say my name. Especially when you say yes. I got your body right now on my mind. But I drunk myself blind to the sound of old T-Rex. To the sound of old T-Rex and Who's Next. When I say I love you you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say I need you you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). You better bet your life. Or love will cut you like a knife. I want those feeble minded axes overthrown. I'm not into your passport picture, I just like your nose. You welcome me with open arms and open legs. I know only fools have needs but this one never begs. I don't really mind how much you love me. Ooh, a little is alright, when you say. "Come over and spend the night, tonight, tonight". When I say, "I love you" you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say, "I need you you" say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). You better bet your life. Or love will cut you like a knife. I lay on the bed with you. We could make some book of records. Your dog keeps licking my nose. And chewing up all those letters saying,"You better". You better bet your life. You better love me all the time now. You better shove me back into line now. You better love me all the time now. You better shove me back into line now. I showed up late one night. With a neon light for a visa. But knowing I'm so eager to fight. Can't make letting me in any easier. I know I've been wearing crazy clothes. And I look pretty crappy sometimes. But my body feels so good. And I still sing a razor line every time. And when it comes to all night living. I know what I'm giving. I've got it all down to a tee and it's free. When I say,"I love you" you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I need you" you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I love you" you say, "You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I need you" you scream,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I love you" you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I need you" you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I love you"you say,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). When I say,"I need you" you scream,"You better". (You better, you better, you bet). You better bet your life. Or love will cut you just like a knifeIt's crazy but I'm frightened by the sound of the telephone, oh yeah. I'm worried that the caller might have awful news, oh my. Who knows these days where on earth the money goes, oh yeah. No doubt we could put it to a better use, oh my. . You keep insisting that nobody showed you. How to keep relationships, oh yeah. Your daddy made a real good try, oh my. You said you knew all along, we could work it out, oh yeah. Do you have to make a fuss every time we fly?. . Ooh, I'm looking for clues. . I'll have to make an effort now just to be serious, oh yeah. Nobody's gonna give you the benefit of the doubt, oh my. Everytime I pick a paper up, it's harder to believe the news, oh yeah. I'm gonna have to shake it up and twist and shout, oh my. . You can't do nothing that you don't put your mind to, oh yeah. I suspected all along you were a dream come true, oh my. I'm never in the dark 'cause my heart keeps me well informed, oh yeah. I'm convinced that there's a way of getting through to you. . Ooh, I'm looking for clues. . It's crazy but I'm frightened by the sound of relationships, oh yeah. I swear we could put it to a better use, oh my. Do hurry baby, you've forgotten how to catch a night groove, oh yeah. You told all the callers you were not amused. . Ooh, I'm looking for clues. . You keep insisting that nobody showed you. How to use a telephone, oh yeah. Nobody's gonna give you a second chance, oh my. I don't have to make an effort now. To find out where the money goes, oh yeah. Do you have to make a fuss everytime we dance?. . Ooh, I'm looking for clues. . Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya? Ooh, I'm looking for clues. Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya? Ooh, I'm looking for clues. Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya? Ooh, I'm looking for clues. Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya? Ooh, I'm looking for cluesQueen. Miscellaneous. Flash. Flash a-ah. Savior of the Universe. Flash. He save everyone of us. Flash. He's a miracle. Flash. King of the impossible. . He's for everyone of us. Stand for everyone of us. He save with a mighty hand. Every man every woman. Every chill-he's a mighty. Flash. . Just a man. With a man's courage. Nothing but a man. But he can never fail. No-one but the pure at heart. May find the Golden Grail. .................ah................NANANANANANANANAOh, it's raining again. Oh no, my love's at an end. Oh no, it's raining again. And you know it's hard to pretend. Oh no, it's raining again. Too bad I'm losing a friend. Oh no, it's raining again. Oh will my heart ever mend. You're old enough some people say. To read the signs and walk away. It's only time that heals the pain. And makes the sun come out again. It's raining again. Oh no, my love's at an end. Oh no, it's raining again. Too bad I'm losing a friend. Na na na na na na.... Na na.... Na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na... na na na. C'mon you little fighter. No need to get uptighter. C'mon you little fighter. And get back up again. It's raining again. Oh no, my love's at an end. Oh no, it's raining again. Too bad I'm losing a friend. Na na na na na na.... Na na.... Na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na... na na na. C'mon you little fighter. No need to get uptighter. C'mon you little fighter. And get back up again. Oh, get back up again. Oh, fill your heart again...Cryin' on the corner, waitin' in the rain. I swear I'll never, ever wait again. You gave me your word but words for you are lies. Darlin', in my wildest dreams. I never thought I'd go. But it's time to let you know, oh. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. I'm gonna turn and leave you here. All of my life I've been waitin' in the rain. I've been waitin' for a feeling that never, ever came. It feels so close but always disappears. Darlin', in your wildest dreams. You never had a clue. But it's time you got the news. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. I'm gonna turn and leave you here. Darlin' in my wildest dreams. I never thought I'd go. But it's time to let you know, ho. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. I'm gonna turn and leave you here. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. Harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. Oh oh oh oh. Harden my heart. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. I'm gonna harden my heart. I'm gonna swallow my tears. Harden my heart, harden my heart. Swallow my tears. I'm gonna harden my heartWell he was Thailand based. She was an airforce wife. He used to fly weekends. It was the easy life. But then it turned around. And he began to change. She didn’t wonder then. She didn’t think it strange. But then he got a call. He had to leave that night. He couldn’t say too much. But it would be alright. He didn’t need to pack. They’d meet the next night. He had a job to do. Flying to Cambodia. . And as the nights passed by. She tried to trace the past. The way he used to look. The way he used to laugh. I guess she’ll never know. What got inside his soul. She couldn’t make it out. Just couldn’t take it all. He had the saddest eyes. The girl had ever seen. He used to cry some nights. As though he lived a dream. Ans as she held him close. He used to search her face. As though she knew the truth. Lost inside Cambodia. . But then a call came through. They said he’d soon be home. She had to pack a case. And they would make a rendez-vous. But now a year has passed. And not a single word. And all the love she knew. Has disappeared out in the haze. Cambodia - Don’t cry now - No tears now. . And now the years have passed. With not a single word. But there is only one thing left. I know for sure. She won’t see his face againI can see that it won't be long. You grow cold when you keep holding on. You know you've changed and your words they lie. That's something you can't deny. I know you're not at home. You're home but not alone. If you want to leave then why don't you say. Your love is gone anyway. I know it won't be long,. Won't be long before you're gone. There's something going on. There's something going on. I know a good thing must come to an end. But it's hard to take loosing a friend. I know what you think and what's in your mind. So darling don't quite pretend. I know it won't be long. It won't be long before you're gone. There's something going on. There's something going on. There's something going on. There's something going on. I know it won't be long. It won't be long before you're gone. There's something going on. There's something going on. There's something going on. There's something going on. I know there's something. I know there's something. I know there's somethingTwo, ah-three, ah-four. Two, ah-three, ah-four. Two, ah-three, ah-four. I really should be saying goodnight. I really shouldn't stay anymore. It's been so long since I held ya. I've forgotten what love is for. I should run. On the double. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. So come to me darlin' and hold me. Let your honey keep you warm. Been so long since I held ya. I've forgotten what love is for. I should run. On the double. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I should run. On the double. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in trouble. I think I'm in troubleDon't think sorry's easily said. Don't try, turnin' tables instead. You've taken lots of chances before. But I ain't gonna give anymore. Don't ask me. That's how it goes. 'Cause part of me knows what you're thinkin'. Don't say words you're gonna regret. Don't let the fire rush to your head. I've heard the accusation before. And I ain't gonna take any more. Believe me. The sun in your eyes. Made some of the lies worth believing. I am the eye in the sky, looking at you. I can read your mind. I am the maker of rules, dealing with fools. I can cheat you blind. And I don't need to see any more. To know that. I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. Don't leave false illusion behind. Don't cry, I ain't changing my mind. So find another fool like before. 'Cause I ain't gonna live anymore. Believing. Some of the lies. While all of the signs are deceiving. I am the eye in the sky, looking at you. I can read your mind. I am the maker of rules, dealing with fools. I can cheat you blind. And I don't need to see any more. To know that. I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. I am the eye in the sky, looking at you. I can read your mind. I am the maker of rules, dealing with fools. I can cheat you blind. And I don't need to see any more. To know that. I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you). I can read your mind. (Looking at you)I make my living off the Evening News. Just give me somethin', somethin' I can use. People love it when you lose, they love dirty laundry. Well, I could've been an actor but I wound up here. I just have to look good, I don't have to be clear. Come and whisper in my ear, give us dirty laundry. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em all around. We got the bubble headed bleach blonde who comes on at five. She can tell you 'bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye. It's interesting when people die, give us dirty laundry. Can we film the operation? Is the head dead yet?. You know the boys in the newsroom got a running bet. Get the widow on the set! We need dirty laundry. You don't really need to find out what's goin' on. You don't really want to know just how far it's gone. Just leave well enough alone, eat your dirty laundry. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're stiff, kick 'em all around. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're stiff, kick 'em all around. Dirty little secrets, dirty little lies. We got our dirty little fingers in everybody's pie. We love to cut you down to size, we love dirty laundry. We can do "The Innuendo," we can dance and sing. When it's said and done we haven't told you a thing. We all know that crap is king, give us dirty laundry. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. Kick 'em when they're up, kick 'em when they're down. ...Who can it be knocking at my door?. Go 'way, don't come 'round here no more. Can't you see that it's late at night?. I'm very tired and I'm not feeling right. All I wish is to be alone. Stay away, don't you invade my home. Best off if you hang outside. Don't come in, I'll only run and hide. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be knocking at my door?. Make no sound, tip-toe across the floor. If he hears, he'll knock all day. I'll be trapped and here I'll have to stay. I've done no harm, I keep to myself. There's nothing wrong with my state of mental health. I like it here with my childhood friend. Here they come, those feelings loose again. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Is it the man come to take me away?. Why do they follow me?. It's not the future that I can see. It's just my fantasy, oh. Oh, who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Who can it be now?. Oh, who can it be now?. Oh, who can it, who can it?. Oh, who can it be now?. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeahI never meant to be so bad to you. One thing I said that I would never do. One look from you and I would fall from grace. And that would wipe this smile right from my face. Do you remember when we used to dance. And incidence arose from circumstance. One thing led to another, we were young. And we would scream together songs unsung. 'Cause it was the heat of the moment. Telling me what your heart meant. The heat of the moment shone in your eyes. And now you find yourself in '82. The disco hot-spots hold no charm for you. You can't concern yourself with bigger things. You catch the pearl and ride the dragon's wings. 'Cause it's the heat of the moment. Heat of the moment. The heat of the moment shone in your eyes. And when your looks are gone and you're alone. How many nights you sit beside the phone?. What were the things you wanted for yourself?. Teenage ambitions you remember well. 'Cause it was the heat of the moment. Telling me what your heart meant. The heat of the moment shone in your eyes. It was the heat of the moment. Heat of the moment. The heat of the moment shone in your eyes. Heat of the moment. Heat of the moment. Heat of the momentNAIn the jungle, the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight. In the jungle, the quiet jungle, the lion sleeps tonight. Near the village, the peaceful village, the lion sleeps tonight. Near the village, the quiet village, the lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling, don't fear my darling, the lion sleeps tonight. Hush my darling, don't fear my darling, the lion sleeps tonightIt's a mystery to me, the game commences. For the usual fee plus expenses. Confidential information, it's in a diary. This is my investigation, it's not a public inquiry. I go checking out the reports, digging up the dirt. You get to meet all sorts in this line of work. Treachery and treason, there's always an excuse for it. And when I find the reason, I still can't get used to it. And what have you got at the end of the day?. What have you got to take away?. A bottle of whiskey and a new set of lies. Blinds on the windows and a pain behind the eyes. Scarred for life, no compensation. Private investigationsLying beside you here in the dark. Feeling your heart beat with mine. Softly you whisper, you're so sincere. How could our love be so blind?. We sailed on together. We drifted apart. And here you are by my side. So now I come to you with open arms. Nothing to hide, believe what I say. So here I am with open arms. Hoping you'll see what your love means to me, open arms. Living without you, living alone. This empty house seems so cold. Wanting to hold you, wanting you near. How much I wanted you home. But now that you've come back. Turned night into day. I need you to stay. So now I come to you with open arms. Nothing to hide, believe what I say. So here I am with open arms. Hoping you'll see what your love means to me, open armsBlue eyes. Baby's got blue eyes. Like a deep blue sea. On a blue blue day. Blue eyes. Baby's got blue eyes. When the morning comes. I'll be far away and I say. Blue eyes holding back the tears. Holding back the pain. Baby's got blue eyes. And she's alone again. Blue eyes. Baby's got blue eyes. Like a clear blue sky. Watching over me. Blue eyes. I love blue eyes. When I'm by her side. Where I long to be, I will see. Blue eyes laughing in the sun. Laughing in the rain. Baby's got blue eyes. And I am home and I am home again. Blue eyes laughing in the sun. Laughing in the rain. Baby's got blue eyes. And I am home againNAWell, dance all night, play all day. Don't let nothing get in the way. Dance all night keep the beat. Don't you worry 'bout two left feet. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Well, dance all night, get real loose. Well, you don't need no bad excuse. Dance all night with anyone. Don't let nobody pick your fun. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. That's right, I said, dance all night. (Go go go ). An' dance all night. (Get real low). Go all night. (Get real hot). Well, shake it up now, all you've got. . Dance. Dance. Well, dance all night an' whirl your hair. Make the night cats stop an' stare. Dance all night, go to work. Well, do the move with the quirky jerk. Just shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Well, dance all night. (Go go go ). Get so light. (Get real low). Dance all night. (Get real hot). Shake it up, all you've got. . Shake it up, make a scene. Let them know, what you really mean. An' dance all night, keep the beat. Don't ya worry 'bout two left feet. Just shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. Shake it up. ...Can't you understand me?. Baby, don't you hand me a line. Although it doesn't matter. You and me got plenty of time. There's nobody in the future. So baby let me hand you my love. Oh no step for you to dance to. So slip your hand inside of my glove. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. I don't want no damage. But how'm I gonna manage with you?. Oh you want the percentage. But I'm the fool payin' the dues. I'm just around the corner. If you got a minute to spare. And I'll be waitin' for you. If you ever wanna be there. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. Hold me, hold me, hold me. ...What happened here. As the New York sunset disappeared. I found an empty garden. Among the flagstones there. Who lived here he must have been a gardener. That cared a lot who weeded out the tears. And grew a good crop and now it all looks strange. It's funny how one insect can damage so much grain. And what's it for this little empty garden. By the brownstone door and in the cracks. Along the sidewalk nothing grows no more. Who lived here he must have been a gardener. That cared a lot who weeded out the tears. And grew a good crop and we are so amazed. We're crippled and we're dazed. A gardener like that one no one can replace. And I've been knocking but no one answers. And I've been knocking most all the day. Oh and I've been calling oh hey hey Johnny. Can't you come out to play. And through their tears. Some say he farmed his best in younger years. But he'd have said that roots grow stronger. If only he could hear. Who lived here he must have been a gardener. That cared a lot who weeded out the tears. And grew a good crop now we pray for rain. And with every drop that falls. We hear, we hear your name. And I've been knocking but no one answers. And I've been knocking most all the day. Oh and I've been calling oh hey hey Johnny. Can't you come out to play. And I've been knocking but no one answers. And I've been knocking most all the day. Oh and I've been calling oh hey hey Johnny. Can't you come out, can't you come out to play. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty garden. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty garden. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty garden. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty garden. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty garden. Johnny can't you come out to play in your empty gardenNAStars in your eyes, little one. Where do you go to dream. To a place, we all know. The land of make believe. Shadows, tapping at your window. Ghostly voices whisper will you come and play. Not for all the tea in China. Or the corn in Carolina. Never, never ever. They're running after you babe. Run for the sun, little one. You're an outlaw once again. Time to change, Superman. He'll be with us while he can. In the land of make believe. Something nasty in your garden's waiting. Patiently, till it can have your heart. Try to go but it won't let you. Don't you know it's out to get you running. Keep on running. They're running after you babe. Run for the sun, little one. You're an outlaw once again. Time to change, Superman. He'll be with us while he can. In the land of make believe. Your world is turning. From night to day. Your dream is burning far, far away. Into the blue. You and I. To the circus in the sky. Captain Kids. On the sand. With the treasure close at hand. In the land of make believe. In the land of make believe. Run for the sun, little one. You're an outlaw once again. Time to change, Superman. He'll be with us while he can. In the land of make believe. Run for the sun, little one. You're an outlaw once again. Time to change, Superman. He'll be with us while he can. In the land of make believe. I've got a friend who comes to tea. And no-one else can see but me. He came today. But had to go. To visit you. You never knowI could feel at the time. There was no way of knowing. Fallen leaves in the night. Who can say where they're blowing?. As free as the wind. Hopefully learning. Why the sea on the tide. Has no way of turning?. More than this, you know there is nothing. More than this, tell me one thing. More than this, there is nothing. It was fun for a while. There was no way of knowing. Like a dream in the night. Who can say where we're going?. No care in the world. Maybe I'm learning. Why the sea on the tide. Has no way of turning?. More than this, you know there is nothing. More than this, tell me one thing. More than this, now there is nothing. More than this, nothing. More than this. More than this, nothingAh, and I don't hardly know her. But I think I can love her. Crimson and clover. Ah, now when she comes walking over. Now I've been waiting to show her. Crimson and clover, over and over. Yeah ah, my mind's such a sweet thing. I want to do everything. What a beautiful feeling. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and over. Crimson and clover, over and overWhen I woke up this morning I was feelin' fine. But this cat starts banging man what a swine.. So I called reception but to no avail. That's why I'm telling you this sorry tale.. I went bang - I said shut up,. I went bang - I said rap up.. Well I'm aware that the guy must do his work. But the piledriver man drove me berserk.. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot d'ya want. Once a lifetime, twice a day. If you don't work you get no pay.. I been to the east, I been to the west,. But the girls I like best are the ones undressed.. Well, hello Adam, where you been?. I said a'stand aside 'cause I'm feelin' mean,. I've had a gutful of you and I'm feelin' bad. 'Cause you're an ugly old pirate and ain't I glad.. He said captain, I said wot, .... He said captain, I said wot, .... When I woke up this morning I was feelin' fine. But this cat starts banging man what a swine.. So I called reception but to no avail. That's why I'm telling you this sorry tale.. I went bang - I said shut up,. I went bang - I said rap up.. Well I'm aware that the guy must do his work. But the piledriver man drove me berserk.. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot,. He said captain, I said wot d'ya want. Once a lifetime, twice a day. If you don't work you get no pay.. I been to the east, I been to the west,. But the girls I like best are the ones undressed.. Well, hello Adam, where you been?. I said a'stand aside 'cause I'm feelin' mean,. I've had a gutful of you and I'm feelin' bad. 'Cause you're an ugly old pirate and ain't I glad.. He said captain, I said wot, .... He said captain, I said wot, ...View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. . I guess it all began about a year ago. Like a cheap love magazine. You know the kind you read about. And have to laugh. At the pages in between. Now I can’t believe that fool inside is me. ‘Cos I just can’t face the world. I’ve grown to see. . View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. . I saw you kissing her. I saw you making her. In the soft sheets in between. But when you turned around. I saw your eyes were fire. And you crashed out all my dreams. . And like a fool I just stood there. And let it go. I should have fought right back. And let my feelings show. . View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. View from a bridge, can’t take anymore. . You sure as hell knew how. To make a fool out of me. Well you cut me down. For the things you want. And now it’s killing me. . I’ll lay it on the line now. You’re running out of time now. . But then a voice said jump. And I just let go. And I’m floating out in space. But then I feel your arms. And I turn around. To a ghost without a face. . And I just don’t know. What’s fact or fantasy. ‘Cos when I look below the bridge. I see it’s meWhat did I tell you before when I was up?. Anxiety was bringing me down. I'm tired of listening to you, talking in rhymes. Twisting round to make me think. You're straight down the line. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. All you do to me is talk talk. If every sign that I see is complete. Then I'm a fool in your game. And all you want to do is tell me your lies. Won't show the other side. You're just wasting my time. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. All you do to me is talk talk. When every choice that I make is yours. Keep telling me what's right and what's wrong. Don't you ever stop to think about me. I'm not that blind to see. That you've been cheating on me. And hear you laugh at me when I'm up. I see you when you were crying for me when I'm down. I see you when you laugh at me when I'm up. I see you when you were crying for me. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. All you do to me is talk talk. Talk, talk, talk, talk. ...I will follow. I was on the outside when you said. You said you needed me. I was looking at myself, I was blind, I could not see. A boy tries hard to be a man. His mother takes him by his hand. If he stops to think he starts to cry, oh why. If you walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow. If you walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow, I will follow. I was on the inside. When they pulled the four walls down. I was looking through the window, I was lost, I am found. Walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow. If you walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow, I will follow. Your eyes make a circle. I see you when I go in there. Your eyes, y-y-your eyes, your eyes, y-y-your eyes. If you walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow. If you walkaway, walkaway. I'll walkaway, walkaway. I will follow, I will follow. I will follow, I will follow. I will follow, followStranger,. Stranger,. Stranger,. Stranger. It's hot here at night, lonely, black and quiet. On a hot summer night. Don't be afraid of the world we made. On a hot summer night. 'Cause when a long-legged lovely walks by. Yeah you can see the look in her eye. Then you know that it's. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight,. tonight. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight,. tonight. Stranger,. stranger. For all the dreams and schemes,. people are as they seem. On a hot summer night. Don't be no fun, don't forget you're young. On a hot summer night. A sometime someone you're not. Don't wait to see what you got. 'Cause you know that you're. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight,. tonight. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight,. tonight. We'll walk until my feet drop. I'm a train when I'm hateful. Yeah, lay right down now. And ride until your head breaks. I'm a-walkin' 'til my brain pops. I will move with the beat now. I'm a chain 'round an A-bomb. I'm a ribbon in the heat now. New York!. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight, tonight. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight, tonight. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight, tonight. Hot in the city, hot in the city tonight, tonight. EndI, I went off to the right. Without saying goodbye, goodbye. Where does it go from here?. Is it down to the lake I fear?. Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Then I call. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (Ring, ring, ring, ring). La, la, love plus one. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (Ring, ring, ring, ring). When I call love, give love some soul. If I may be quite so bold. Where does it go from here?. Is it down to the lake I fear?. Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Ay, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Then I call. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (Ring, ring, ring, ring). La la love plus one. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (Ring, ring, ring, ring). When I call love. La, la, love plus one. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (And I, and I, and I, and I). La, la, love plus one. Ring, ring, ring, ring. (And I, and I, and I, and I). When I call love. Love, love. Love plus one, love plus one. Love plus one, love plus oneEvery breath you take. Every move you make. Every bond you break. Every step you take. I'll be watching you. Every single day. Every word you say. Every game you play. Every night you stay. I'll be watching you. Oh, can't you see. You belong to me. How my poor heart aches. With every step you take. Every move you make. Every vow you break. Every smile you fake. Every claim you stake. I'll be watching you. Since you've gone I've been lost without a trace. I dream at night I can only see your face. I look around but it's you I can't replace. I feel so cold and I long for your embrace. I keep crying baby, baby please.... (ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo ooo). Oh, can't you see. You belong to me. How my poor heart aches. With every step you take. Every move you make. Every vow you break. Every smile you fake. Every claim you stake. I'll be watching you. Every move you make. Every step you take. I'll be watching you. I'll be watching you. (Every breath you take). (Every move you make). (Every bond you break). (Every step you take) I'll be watching you. (Every single day). (Every word you say). (Every game you play). (Every night you stay) I'll be watching you. (Every move you make). (Every vow you break). (Every smile you fake). (Every claim you stake) I'll be watching you. (Every single day). (Every word you say) Whoo, hoo. (Every game you play). (Every night you stay) I'll be watching you. (Every breath you take). (Every move you make). (Every bond you break). (Every step you take) I'll be watching you. (Every single day). (Every word you say). (Every game you play). (Every night you stay) I'll be watching you. (Every move you make). (Every vow you break). (Every smile you fake). (Every claim you stake) I'll be watching you. (Every single day). (Every word you say)There's the loving in your eyes all the way. If I listen to your lies would you say. I'm a man without conviction. I'm a man who doesn't know. How to sell a contradiction. You come and go. You come and go. Karma karma karma karma. Karma chameleon. You come and go. You come and go. Loving would be easy. If your colors were like my dreams. Red, gold and green. Red, gold and green. Didn't hear your wicked words everyday. And you used to be so sweet I heard you say. That my love was an addiction. When we cling, our love is strong. When you go, you're gone forever. You string along. You string along. Karma karma karma karma. Karma chameleon. You come and go. You come and go. Loving would be easy. If your colors were like my dreams. Red, gold and green. Red, gold and green. Everyday is like survival. You're my lover, not my rival. Everyday is like survival. You're my lover, not my rival. I'm a man without conviction. I'm a man who doesn't know. How to sell a contradiction. You come and go. You come and go. Karma karma karma karma. Karma chameleon. You come and go. You come and go. Loving would be easy. If your colors were like my dreams. Red, gold and green. Red, gold and green. Karma karma karma karma. Karma chameleon. You come and go. You come and go. Loving would be easy. If your colors were like my dreams. Red, gold and green. Red, gold and green. karma karma karma karma. karma chameleon. You come and go. You come and go. Loving would be easy. If your colors were like my dreams. Red, gold and green. Red, gold and greenLet's dance. Put on your red shoes and dance the blues. Let's dance. To the song they're playin' on the radio. Let's sway. While colour lights up your face. Let's sway. Sway through the crowd to an empty space. If you say run. I'll run with you. And if you say hide. We'll hide. Because my love for you. Would break my heart in two. If you should fall into my arms. And tremble like a flower. Let's dance. Let's dance. For fear your grace should fall. Let's dance. For fear tonight is all. Let's sway. You could look into my eyes. Let's sway. Under the moonlight, this serious moonlight. And if you say run. I'll run with you. And if you say hide. We'll hide. Because my love for you. Would break my heart in two. If you should fall into my arms. And tremble like a flower. Let's dance. Put on your red shoes and dance the blues. Let's sway. Under the moonlight, this serious moonlight. Let's sway. Let's sway. Let's dance, let's dance, let's dance, let's dance, let's...Baby Jane don't leave me hanging on the line. I knew you when you had no one to talk to. Now you're moving in high society. Don't forget I know secrets about you. I used to think you were on my side. Now I'm no longer sure. I wish I knew what I know now before. When I give my heart again. I know it's gonna last forever. No one tell me where or when. I know it's gonna last forever. Baby Jane don't it make you feel sad. Just when I thought that we were winning. You and I were so close in every way. Don't time fly when you're loving and laughing. I've said goodbye so many times. The situation ain't all that new. Optimism's my best defense. I'll get through without you. When I give my heart again. I know it's gonna last forever. No one tell me where or when. I know it's gonna last forever. I won't be that dumb again. I know it's gotta last forever. When I fall in love again. I know it's gonna last forever. Baby Jane I've said all I want to say. Go your own way don't think twice about me. 'Cause I've got ideas and plans of my own. So long darlin' I'll miss you believe me. The lesson learned was so hard to swallow. But I know that I'll survive. I'm gonna take a good look at myself and cry, yeah. When I give my heart again. I know it's gonna last forever. No one tell me where or when. I know it's gonna last forever. When I fall in love next time. I know it's gonna last forever. I won't be that dumb again. I know it'll last foreverTongue-tied or short of breath don't even try. Try a little harder. Something's wrong, I'm not naive, you must must be strong. Ooh, baby try. . Hey girl. Move a little closer. . You're too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush. . Modern medicine falls short of your complaint. Try a little harder. You're moving in circles, won't you dilate. Ooh, baby try. . Hey girl. Move a little closer. . 'Cause you're too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush. . Dudu dudu dudu-du-du du-dudu du-du-du. Dudu dudu dudu-du-du du-dudu du-du-du. Dudu dudu dudu-du-du du-dudu du-du-du. Dudu dudu dudu-du-du du-dudu du-du-du. . You're too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hush, eye to eye. Too shy too shy. Hush hushI hear the drums echoing tonight. But she hears only whispers of some quiet conversation. She's coming in, 12: 30 flight. The moonlit wings reflect the stars that guide me towards salvation. I stopped an old man along the way. Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies. He turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you". It's gonna take a lot to take me away from you. There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do. I bless the rains down in Africa. Gonna take some time to do the things we never had. The wild dogs cry out in the night. As they grow restless, longing for some solitary company. I know that I must do what's right. As sure as Kilimanjaro rises like Olympus above the Serengeti. I seek to cure what's deep inside, frightened of this thing that I've become. It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you. There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do. I bless the rains down in Africa. Gonna take some time to do the things we never had. Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you. It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you. There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do. I bless the rains down in Africa. I bless the rains down in Africa. (I bless the rain). I bless the rains down in Africa. (I bless the rain). I bless the rains down in Africa. I bless the rains down in Africa. (Ah, gonna take the time). Gonna take some time to do the things we never hadFather wears his Sunday best. Mother's tired she needs a rest. The kids are playing up downstairs. Sister's sighing in her sleep. Brother's got a date to keep. He can't hang around. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our. Our house it has a crowd. There's always something happening. And it's usually quite loud. Our mum she's so house-proud. Nothing ever slows her down. And a mess is not allowed. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our. Our house, in the middle of our street.   (Something tells you that you've got to get away from it). Our house, in the middle of our. Father gets up late for work. Mother has to iron his shirt. Then she sends the kids to school. Sees them off with a small kiss. She's the one they're going to miss. In lots of ways. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our. I remember way back then when everything was true. And when we would have such a very good time. Such a fine time, such a happy time. And I remember how we'd play simply waste the day away. Then we'd say nothing would come between us, two dreamers. Father wears his Sunday best. Mother's tired she needs a rest. The kids are playing up downstairs. Sister's sighing in her sleep. Brother's got a date to keep. He can't hang around. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our. Our house, was our castle and our keep. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, that was where we used to sleep. Our house, in the middle of our street. Our house, in the middle of our streetNAOh oh oh ohhhh, little China Girl. Oh oh oh ohhhh, little China Girl. I could escape this feeling, with my China Girl. I feel a wreck without my little China Girl. I hear her heart beating, loud as thunder. Saw they stars crashing. I'm a mess without, my little China Girl. Wake up in the morning where's my little China Girl. I hear her heart's beating, loud as thunder. I saw the stars crashing down. I feel a tragic like I'm Marlon Brando. When I look at my China Girl. And I could pretend that nothing really meant too much. When I look at my China Girl. I stumble into town, just like a sacred cow. Visions of swastikas in my head. Plans for everyone. It's in the whites of my eyes. My little China Girl you shouldn't mess with me. I'll ruin everything you are. Y'know, I'll give you television I'll give you eyes of blue. I'll give you a man who wants to rule the world. And when I get excited. My little China Girl says. "Oh baby just you shut your mouth". She says, "Sh sh shhh". She says, "Sh sh shhh". She says, she says. And when I get excited my little China Girl says. "Oh baby just you shut your mouth". And when I get excited my little China Girl says. "Oh baby just you shut your mouth". She says, "Sh-sh-shhh". She says. Oh oh oh ohhhh, little China Girl. Oh oh oh ohhhh, little China Girl. Oh oh oh ohhhh, little China Girl. Oh oh oh ohhhh, little China GirlDomo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Himitsu wo Shiri tai. You're wondering who I am. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). Machine or mannequin. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). With parts made in Japan. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). I am the modren man. I've got a secret, I've been hiding under my skin. My heart is human, my blood is boiling. My brain I.B.M., so if you see me. Acting strangely, don't be surprised. I'm just a man who needed someone. And somewhere to hide. To keep me alive, just keep me alive. Somewhere to hide to keep me alive. I'm not a robot without emotions. I'm not what you see. I've come to help you. With your problems, so we can be free. I'm not a hero, I'm not a saviour. Forget what you know. I'm just a man whose circumstances. Went beyond his control. Beyond my control, we all need control. I need control, we all need control. I am the modren man. (Secret, secret I've got a secret). Who hides behind a mask. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). So no one else can see. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). My true identity. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo, Domo. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo, Domo. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto. Thank you very much, Oh Mr. Roboto. For doing the jobs that nobody wants to. And thank you very much, Mr. Roboto. For helping me escape. Just when I needed to. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I want to thank you. Please, thank you, oh. The problem's plain to see. Too much technology. Machines to save our lives. Machines, de-humanize. The time has come at last. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). To throw away this mask. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret). Now everyone can see. (Secret, secret, I've got a secret)Where were you when I needed you?. Well, you could not be found. What can I do? Oh, I believed in you. You're running me around. Well you can take it as a warning. Or take it any way you like. It's the lightening, not the thunder. You never know when it's going to strike. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. Oooooooo. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. Oooooooo. Don't be cute, don't be funny now. It's later than you think. Oh what's the use? Oh save your money now. It's hanging on the brink. Don't let go while I'm hanging on. Cuz I've been hanging on so long. It's so hard to be all alone. I know you're not that strong, yea, yea. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. Ooooooo. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. Ooooooo. Don't let go. While I'm hanging on. Cuz I've been hanging on so long. It's so hard to be all alone. I know you're not that strong, yea, yea. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. Ooooooo. Our love's in jeopardy, baby. OooooooYou could never know what it's like. Your blood like winter freezes just like ice. And there's a cold lonely light that shines from you. You'll wind up like the wreck you hide behind that mask you use. And did you think this fool could never win?. Well look at me, I'm a-coming back again. I got a taste of love in a simple way. And if you need to know while I'm still standing, you just fade away. Don't you know I'm still standing better than I ever did. Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid. I'm still standing after all this time. Picking up the pieces of my life without you on my mind. I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). Once I never could hope to win. You starting down the road leaving me again. The threats you made were meant to cut me down. And if our love was just a circus you'd be a clown by now. You know I'm still standing better than I ever did. Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid. And I'm still standing after all this time. Picking up the pieces of my life without you on my mind. I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). Don't you know that I'm still standing better than I ever did. Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid. And I'm still standing after all this time. Picking up the pieces of my life without you on my mind. I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standing. (Yeah yeah yeah). I'm still standingListen boy . Don't want to see you let a good thing . Slip away . . You know I don't like watching . Anybody make the same mistakes . I made . . She's a real nice girl . And she's always there for you . But a nice girl wouldn't tell you what you should do . . Listen boy . I'm sure that you think you got it all . Under control . . You don't want somebody telling you . The way to stay in someone's soul . . You're a big boy now . You'll never let her go . But that's just the kind of thing . She ought to know . . Tell her about it . Tell her everything you feel . Give her every reason to accept . That you're for real . . Tell her about it . Tell her all your crazy dreams . Let her know you need her . Let her know how much she means . . Listen boy . It's not automatically a certain guarantee . To insure yourself . You've got to provide communication constantly . . When you love someone . You're always insecure . And there's only one good way . To reassure . . Tell her about it . Let her know how much you care . When she can't be with you . Tell her you wish you were there . . Tell her about it . Every day before you leave . Pay her some attention . Give her something to believe . . Cause now and then . She'll get to worrying . Just because you haven't spoken . For so long . Though you may not have done anything . Will that be a consolation when she's gone . . Listen boy . It's good information from a man . Who's made mistakes . . Just a word or two that she gets from you . Could be the difference that it makes . . She's a trusting soul . She's put her trust in you . But a girl like that won't tell you . What you should do . . Tell her about it . Tell her everything you feel . Give her every reason . To accept that you're for real . . Tell her about it . Tell her all your crazy dreams . Let her know you need her . Let her know how much she means . . Tell her about it . Tell her how you feel right now . Tell her about it . The girl don't want to wait too long . You got to tell her about it . Tell her now and you won't go wrong . You got to tell her about it . Before it gets too late . You got to tell her about it . You know the girl don't want . To wait--you got to . Tell her about itYou consider me the young apprentice. Caught between the Scylla and Charybdis. Hypnotized by you if I should linger. Staring at the ring around your finger. I have only come here seeking knowledge. Things they would not teach me of in college. I can see the destiny you sold. Turned into a shining band of gold. I'll be wrapped around your finger. I'll be wrapped around your finger. Mephistopheles is not your name. I know what you're up to, just the same. I will listen hard to your tuition. You will see it come to its fruition. And I'll be wrapped around your finger. I'll be wrapped around your finger. Devil and the deep blue sea behind me. Vanish in the air you'll never find me. I will turn your face to alabaster. When you find your servant is your master. You'll be wrapped around my finger. You'll be wrapped around your finger. You'll be wrapped around your fingerHear the screams of Center 42. Loud enough to bust your brains out. The opposition's tongue is cut in two. Keep off the street 'cause you're in danger. One hundred thousand disparus. Lost in the jails in South America. Cuddle up baby, cuddle up tight. Cuddle up baby, keep it all out of sight. Undercover, keep it all out of sight. Undercover of the night. The sex police are out there on the streets. Make sure the pass laws are not broken. The race militia has got itchy fingers. All the way from New York back to Africa. Cuddle up baby, keep it all out of sight. Cuddle up baby, keep it all out of sight. Cuddle up baby, keep it all out of sight. Undercover, undercover, undercover. Keep it all out of sight. Undercover of the night. All the young men, they've been rounded up. And sent to camps back in the jungle. And people whisper people double-talk. And once proud fathers act so humble. All the young girls they have got the blues. They're heading on back to Center 42. Undercover, all out of sight. Undercover, all out of sight. Undercover, all out of sight, undercover. Keep it all out of sight, undercover of the night. Down in the bars the girls are painted blue. Done up in lace, done up in rubber. The John's are jerky little G.I. Joe's. On R&R; from Cuba and Russia. The smell of sex, the smell of suicide. All these dream things I can't keep inside. Undercover all out of sight. Undercover of the night. Undercover of the night. Undercover of the night. Undercover, undercover. Undercover of the nightTonight I celebrate my love for you. It seems the natural thing to do. Tonight no one's gonna find us. We'll leave the world behind us. When I make love to you. Tonight I celebrate my love for you. And hope that deep inside you'll feel it too. Tonight our spirits will be climbing. To a sky filled up with diamonds. When I make love to you, tonight. Tonight I celebrate my love for you. And that midnight sun is gonna come shining through. Tonight there'll be no distance between us. What I want most to do, is to get close to you, tonight. Tonight I celebrate my love for you. And soon this old world will seem brand new. Tonight we will both discover how friends turn into lovers. When I make love to you. Tonight I celebrate my love for you. And the midnight sun is gonna come shining through. Tonight there'll be no distance between us. What I want most to do, is to get close to you. Tonight I celebrate my love for you. TonightThere's a little black spot on the sun today. It's the same old thing as yesterday. There's a black hat caught in a high tree top. There's a flag pole rag and the wind won't stop. I have stood here before inside the pouring rain. With the world turning circles running 'round my brain. I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign. But it's my destiny to be the king of pain. There's a little black spot on the sun today. (That's my soul up there). It's the same old thing as yesterday. (That's my soul up there). There's a black hat caught in a high tree top. (That's my soul up there). There's a flag pole rag and the wind won't stop. (That's my soul up there). I have stood here before inside the pouring rain. With the world turning circles running 'round my brain. I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign. But it's my destiny to be the king of pain. There's a fossil that's trapped in a high cliff wall. (That's my soul up there). There's a dead salmon frozen in a waterfall. (That's my soul up there). There's a blue whale beached by a springtime's ebb. (That's my soul up there). There's a butterfly trapped in a spider's web. (That's my soul up there). I've stood here before inside the pouring rain. With the world turning circles running 'round my brain. I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign. But it's my destiny to be the king of pain. There's a king on a throne with his eyes torn out. There's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt. There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed. There's a skeleton choking on a crust of bread. King of pain.... There's a red fox torn by a huntsman's pack. (That's my soul up there). There's a black-winged gull with a broken back. (That's my soul up there). There's a little black spot on the sun today. It's the same old thing as yesterday. I've stood here before inside the pouring rain. With the world turning circles running 'round my brain. I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign. But it's my destiny to be the king of pain. King of pain. King of pain. King of pain. I'll always be king of pain. I'll always be king of pain. I'll always be king of pain. I'll always be king of painYeah. All is quiet on New Year's Day. A world in white gets underway. I want to be with you. Be with you night and day. Nothing changes on New Year's Day. On New Year's Day. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. Under a blood red sky. A crowd has gathered in black and white. Arms entwined, the chosen few. The newspapers says, says. Say it's true, it's true. And we can break through. Though torn in two, we can be one. I, I will begin again. I, I will begin again. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. I will be with you again. I will be with you againDon't wish it away. Don't look at it like it's forever. Between you and me. I could honestly say. That things can only get better. And while I'm away. Dust out the demons inside. And it won't be long. Before you and me run. To the place in our hearts. Where we hide. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. Time on my hands could be time spent with you. Laughing like children, living like lovers. Rolling like thunder under the covers. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. Just stare into space. Picture my face in your hands. Live for each second. Without hesitation. And never forget I'm your man. Wait on me girl. Cry in the night if it helps. But more than ever. I simply love you. More than I love life itself. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. Time on my hands could be time spent with you. Laughing like children, living like lovers. Rolling like thunder under the covers. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. Wait on me girl. Cry in the night if it helps. But more than ever. I simply love you. More than I love life itself. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. Time on my hands could be time spent with you. Laughing like children, living like lovers. Rolling like thunder under the covers. And I guess that's why they call it the blues. (Laughing like children, living like lovers). And I guess that's why they call it the blues. (Laughing like children, living like lovers). And I guess that's why they call it the blues. And I guess that's why they call it the bluesI know when to go out. And when to stay in. Get things donespoken. I catch a paper boy. But things don't really change. I'm standing in the wind. But I never wave bye-bye. But I try. I try. There's no sign of life. It's just the power to charm. I'm lying in the rain. But I never wave bye-bye. But I try. I try. Never gonna fall for. Modern Love walks beside me. Modern Love walks on by. Modern Love gets me to the Church on Time. Church on Time terrifies me. Church on Time makes me party. Church on Time puts my trust in God and Man. God and Man no confessions. God and Man no religion. God and Man don't believe. In Modern LoveI can't get to sleep. N consigo pegar no sono. I think about the implication. Eu penso nas insinuações. Of diving in too deep. Por mergulhar tão fundo. And possibly the complications. E possivelmente as complicações. Especially at night. Especialmente a noite. I worry over situations. Eu me preocupo com situações. I know will be alright. Que eu sei que se resolverão. Perhaps it's just imagination. Talvez seja só a minha imaginação. Day after day it reappears. Dia após dia reaparece. Night after night my heartbeat. Noite após noite a batida do meu coração. shows the fear. Demonstra o medo. Ghosts appear and fade awa. Fantasmas aparecem e somem. Alone between the sheets. Sozinho entre os lençoes. Only brings exasperation. Somente traz irritações. It's time to walk the streets. É hora de caminhar pelas ruas. Smell the desperation. Sentir o cheiro do desespero. At least there's pretty lights. Pelo menos existem luzes bonitas. And though there's little variatios. E embora haja pouca variação. It nullifies the night. From overkill. Ela livra a noite do exagero. Day after day it reappears. Night after night my heartbeat, shows the fear. Ghosts appear and fade away. Come back another day. I can't get to sleep. I think about the implications. Of diving in too deep. And possibly the complications. Especially at night. I worry over situations that. I know will be alright. It's just overkill. Day after day it reappears. Night after night my heartbeat, shows the fear. Ghosts appear and fade away. Ghosts appear and fade away. Ghosts appear and fade away. Dia após dia reaparece Noite após noite a batida do meu coração demonstra o medo Fantasmas aparecem e somem Volte outro dia Não consigo pegar no sono Eu penso nas insinuações Por mergulhar tão fundo E possivelmente as complicações Especialmente à noite Eu me preocupo com situações que Eu sei que se resolverão É somente exagero Dia após dia reaparece Noite após noite a batida do meu coração demonstra o medo Fantasmas aparecem e somem Fantasmas aparecem e somem Fantasmas aparecem e somemI know, know what's on your mind. And I know it gets tough sometimes. But you can give it one more try to find a reason why. You should pick it up, ooh, try it again. 'Cause it's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this time. All right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might work out fine this time. All right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out. 'Cause it's not too late for that, too late for me. And I know I've been hurt before. And I know I really shouldn't give any more. But this time, this time things seem just a little different. When I look in your eyes, you know I can see that it's true. And I hear you say it's. All right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this time. All right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might work out fine this time. All right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out. 'Cause it's not too late for that, too late for love. Just when you feel helpless. Nothing left to say. Love will find us, past behind us. Then we're on our way. Time and time again I see, people so unsure like me. We all know it gets hard sometimes. But you can give it one more try. Find another reason why you should pick it up. Ooh, why, you should kick it up, ooh, try it again. 'Cause it's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might work out fine this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might work out fine this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might work out fine this time. It's all right, think we're gonna make it. Think it might just work out this timeHey little sister, what have you done?. Hey little sister, who's the only one?. Hey little sister, who's your superman?. Hey little sister, who's the one you want?. Hey little sister, shotgun. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. Hey little sister, what have you done?. Hey little sister, who's the only one?. I've been away for so long. I've been away for so long. I let you go for so long. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. "Pick it up!". Take me back home, yeah. There is nothing fair in this world. There is nothing safe in this world. And there's nothing sure in this world. And there's nothing pure in this world. Look for something left in this world. Start again. It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for white wedding.. Hey little sister, what have you done?. Hey little sister, who's the only one?. Hey little sister, shotgun. Hey little sister, shotgun, oh yeah. Hey little sister, shotgun. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. Hey little sister, who is it you're with?. Hey little sister, what's your vice or wish?. Who have you sold yourself to?. Who have you sold your soul to?. Hey little sister, shotgun. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for a white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. "Pick it up!". Take me back home, yeah. There is nothing fair in this world. There is nothing safe in this world. And there's nothing sure in this world. And there's nothing pure in this world. Look for something left in this world. Start again. It's a nice day to start again. It's a nice day for white wedding. It's a nice day to start again. Take me back home, yeah. White wedding, silk shedding. Fancy shower, white weddingListen everybody let me tell you 'bout the rock 'n' roll. Feel that rhythm and it's really gonna thrill your soul. She said, â€½Come along with me to a land of make believeâ€. She said, â€½Wamalama bamalama rock 'n' roll is kingâ€. She loves that rock 'n' roll and she plays it all night long. That's all she ever tells me when I call her on the telephone. She says, â€½Feel that jumpin' beat and git up on your feetâ€. She says, â€½Wamalama bamalama rock 'n' roll is kingâ€. Oh, let those guitars play. Play for me play for me. Oh, let that song ring out. That's how it's meant to be. It rolls like a train that's comin' on down the track. She rolled over Beethoven and she gave Tchaikovsky back. She loves that drivin' beat, she goes dancin' on down the street. She said, â€½Wamalama bamalama rock 'n' roll is kingâ€. Oh, let those guitars play. Play for me play for me. Oh, let that song ring out. That's how it's meant to be. When she comes around and I'm listenin' to the radio. She says, â€½You can't do that 'cause all I wanna do is rock 'n' rollâ€. Now here I'm gonna stay where that music starts to play. She says, â€½Wamalama bamalama rock 'n' roll is kingâ€. She says, â€½Wamalama bamalama rock 'n' roll is kingâ€I can't believe the news today. Oh, I can't close my eyes. and make it go away.. How long.... How long must we sing this song?. How long? How long.... 'Cause tonight... we can be as one. Tonight.... Broken bottles under children's feet. Bodies strewn across the dead-end street. But I won't heed the battle call. It puts my back up. Puts my back up against the wall. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Oh, let's go.. And the battle's just begun. There's many lost, but tell me who has won?. The trenches dug within our hearts. And mothers, children, brothers, sisters. Torn apart. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. How long.... How long must we sing this song?. How long? How long.... 'Cause tonight... we can be as one. Tonight... tonight.... Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Sunday, Bloody Sunday. Wipe the tears from your eyes. Wipe your tears away. Oh, I'll wipe your tears away. Oh, I'll wipe your tears away. (Sunday, Bloody Sunday). Oh, I'll wipe your bloodshot eyes. (Sunday, Bloody Sunday). Sunday, Bloody Sunday (Sunday, Bloody Sunday). Sunday, Bloody Sunday (Sunday, Bloody Sunday). And it's true we are immune. When fact is fiction and TV reality. And today the millions cry. We eat and drink while tomorrow they die. (Sunday, Bloody Sunday). The real battle just begun. To claim the victory Jesus won. On.... Sunday Bloody Sunday. Sunday Bloody Sunday...Here we stand. Worlds apart, hearts broken in two, two, two. Sleepless nights, losing ground. I'm reachin' for you, you, you. . Feelin' that it's gone. Can change your mind. If we can't go on. To survive the tide love divides. . Someday love will find you. Break those chains that bind you. One night will remind you. How we touched and went our separate ways. If he ever hurts you. True love won't desert you. You know I still love you. Though we touched and went our separate ways. . Troubled times. Caught between confusion and pain, pain, pain. Distant eyes. Promises we made were in vain, in vain, vain. . If you must go, I wish you love. You'll never walk alone. Take care my love. Miss you love. . Someday love will find you. Break those chains that bind you. One night will remind you. How we touched and went our separate ways. If he ever hurts you. True love won't desert you. You know I still love you. Though we touched and went our separate ways. . Someday love will find you. Break those chains that bind you. One night will remind you. If he ever hurts you. True love won't desert you. You know I still love you. . I still love you girl. I really love you girl. And if he ever hurts you. True love won't desert you. No, noUntil you've been beside a man. You don't know what he wants. You don't know if he cries at night. You don't know if he don't. When nothin' comes easy. Old nightmares are real. Until you've been beside a man. You don't know how he feels. Once inside a woman's heart. A man must keep his head. Heaven opens up the door. Where angels fear to tread. Some men go crazy. Some men go slow. Some men go just where they want. Some men never go. Oh, blame it on midnight. Ooh, shame on the moon. Everywhere it's all around. Comfort in a crowd. Strangers faces all around. Laughin' right out loud. Hey watch where you're goin'. Step light on old toes. 'Cause until you've been beside a man. You don't know who he knows. Oh, blame it on midnight. Ooh, shame on the moon. Oh, blame it on midnight. Ooh, shame on the moon. Ooh, ooh, ooh. Blame it on midnight. You can blame it on midnight. Shame, shame, shame, shame on the moon. You can blame it on midnight. Shame on the moon. Blame it on the moonWe're going on a holiday now. Gonna take a villa, a small chalet. Costa del Magnifico. Yo, cost of living is so low. Yeah, gonna be so neat. Dance to the Euro beat. Yeah, gonna be so cool. Twisting by the, twisting by the. By the pool. We're twisting by the pool. We're twisting by the pool. Twisting, twisting by the pool. Sitting in a small cafe now. Swing, swing, swingin' to the cabaret. You wanna see a movie, take in a show now. Meet new people at the disco. Yeah, gonna be so neat. Dance to the Euro beat. Yeah, gonna be so cool. Twisting by the, we're twisting by the. By the pool. Twisting by the pool. Twisting by the pool. Yeah, twisting, twisting by the pool. And we can still get information. Reading all about inflation. And you're never gonna be out of reach. There's a call-box on the beach. So one, a two. A one, a two, a three. Alright. We're just twisting by the pool. And we're twisting by the pool. You got me twisting by the pool. Yeah, twisting, twisting by the pool. You're gonna look so cute. Sunglasses and bathing suites. Be the baby of my dreams. Like the ladies in the magazine. Yeah, gonna be so neat. Dance to the Euro beat. Oh yeah, gonna be so cool. Twisting by the, we're just twisting by the. Oh, by the pool, twisting by the pool. I'm a twisting fool. Just twisting, yeah twisting. Twisting by the pool. Everybody got to do the twisting by the pool. And we're twisting by the pool. You got me twisting by the pool. Oh, twisting, twisting by the pool. And we're twisting by the pool. You got me twisting by the pool. Oh, twisting, twisting by the pool. Everybody got to do the twisting by the pool. And we're twisting by the pool. You got me twisting by the pool. Oh, twisting, twisting by the pool. Look here. Come on and twisting by the pool. I'm twisting fool. Come and do the twisting by the pool. Twisting, twisting by the poolThey put a parking lot on a piece of land. Where the supermarket used to stand. Before that they put up a bowling alley. On the site that used to be the local palais. That's where the big bands used to come and play. My sister went there on a Saturday. Come dancing. All her boyfriends used to come and call. Why not come dancing, it's only natural?. Another Saturday, another date. She would be ready but she'd always make 'em wait. In the hallway, in anticipation. He didn't know the night would end up in frustration. He'd end up blowing all his wages for the week. All for a cuddle and a peck on the cheek. Come dancing,. That's how they did it when I was just a kid. And when they said come dancing, my sister always did. My sister should have come in at midnight. And my mom would always sit up and wait. It always ended up in a big row. When my sister used to get home late. Out of my window. I can see them in the moonlight. Two silhouettes saying goodnight by the garden gate. The day they knocked down the palais. My sister stood and cried. The day they knocked down the palais. Part of my childhood died, just died. Now I'm grown up and playing in a band. And there's a car park where the pale used to stand. My sister's married and she lives on an estate. Her daughters go out, now it's her turn to wait. She knows they get away with things she never could. But if I asked her I wonder if she would. Come dancing. Come on sister, have yourself a ball. Don't be afraid to come dancing, it's only natural. Come dancing, just like the palais on a Saturday. And all her friends will come dancing. Where the big bands used to playThe deception with tact. Just what are you trying to say. You've got a blank face, which irritates. Communicate, pull out your party piece. . You see dimensions in two. State your case with black or white. But when one little cross leads to shots, grit your teeth. You run for cover so discreet. . Why don't they do what they say, say what you mean. Oh well, one thing leads to another. You told me something wrong. I know I listen too long  one thing leads to another. . The impression that you sell. Passes in and out like a scent. But the long face that you see. Comes from living close to your fears. . This is up, then I'm up but you're running out of sight. You've see no name on the walls and when one little bump. Leads to shock miss a beat. You run for cover and there's heat. . Why don't they do what they say, say what they mean. One thing leads to another. You told me something wrong. I know I listen too long one thing leads to another. Yeah, yeah, yeah. . One thing leads to another. . Then it's easy to believe. Somebody's been lying to me. But when the wrong word goes in the right ear. I know you've been lying to me. . It's getting rough, off the cuff. I've got to say enough's enough. Bigger the harder he falls but when the wrong antidote. Is like a bulge on the throat you run for cover in the heat. . Why don't they do what they say, say what they mean. One thing leads to another. You told me something wrong. I know I listen too long but then one thing leads to another. Yeah, yeah. . One thing leads to another. One thing leads to another. One thing leads to another. ...No one looked as I walked by. Just an invitation would have been just fine. Said no to him again and again. First he took my heart then he ran. No one knows how I feel. What I say unless you read between my lines. One man walked away from me. First he took my hand take me home. Stand back stand back. In the middle of my room. I did not hear from you. It's alright it's alright. To be standing in a line. Standing in a line. I would cry. Do not turn away my friend. Like a willow I can bend. No man calls my name. No man came. So I walked on down away from you. Maybe your attention was more. Than you could do. One man did not call. He asked me for my love. And that was all. Stand back stand back. In the middle of my room. I did not hear from you. It's alright it's alright. To be standing in a line. Standing in a line. Standing in a line. So I walked on down the line. Away from you. Maybe your attention was more. Than I could do. One man did not call. Well he asked me for my love. That was all. Standback. Standback. You do. You do. So I walked on down the line away from you. Maby your attention was more than I could do. One man did not call. Well. He asked me for my love. That was all. Standback. Standback. Well. I need a little sympathy. Well. I need a little sympathy. Well. I need a little sympathiy. I need to be standing in. Standback. I need to be standing in. Standback. I need to be standing in. Standback. Why don't you take me home? Why don't you take me home? StandbackI get up in the evening. And I ain't got nothing to say. I come home in the morning. I go to bed feeling the same way. I ain't nothing but tired. Man, I'm just tired and bored with myself. Hey there baby, I could use just a little help. You can't start a fire. You can't start a fire without a spark. This gun's for hire. Even if we're just dancing in the dark. Message keeps getting clearer. Radio's on and I'm moving 'round the place. I check my look in the mirror. I wanna change my clothes, my hair, my face. Man, I ain't getting nowhere. Just living in a dump like this. There's something happening somewhere. Baby I just know that there is. You can't start a fire. You can't start a fire without a spark. This gun's for hire. Even if we're just dancing in the dark. You sit around getting older. There's a joke here somewhere and it's on me. I'll shake this world off my shoulders. Come on, baby, the laugh's on me. Stay on the streets of this town. And they'll be carving you up all right. They say you gotta stay hungry. Hey, baby, I'm just about starving tonight. I'm dying for some action. I'm sick of sitting 'round here trying to write this book. I need a love reaction. Come on now, baby, gimme just one look. You can't start a fire. Sitting 'round crying over a broken heart. This gun's for hire. Even if we're just dancing in the dark. You can't start a fire. Worrying about your little world falling apart. This gun's for hire. Even if we're just dancing in the darkI'd sit alone and watch your light. My only friend through teenage nights. And everything I had to know. I heard it on my radio. You gave them all those old time stars. Through wars of worlds, invaded by Mars. You made 'em laugh, you made 'em cry. You made us feel like we could fly. So don't become some background noise. A backdrop for the girls and boys. Who just don't know or just don't care. And just complain when you're not there. You had your time, you had the power. You've yet to have your finest hour. Radio. All we hear is Radio ga ga. Radio goo goo. Radio ga ga. All we hear is Radio ga ga. Radio ga ga. Radio what's new?. Radio, someone still loves you!. We watch the shows, we watch the stars. On videos for hours and hours. We hardly need to use our ears. How music changes through the years. Let's hope you never leave old friend. Like all good things on you we depend. So stick around cos we might miss you. When we grow tired of all this visual. You had your time, you had the power. You've yet to have your finest hour. Radio. All we hear is Radio ga ga. Radio goo goo. Radio ga ga. All we hear is Radio ga ga. Radio goo goo. Radio ga ga. All we hear is Radio ga ga. Radio ga ga. Radio what's new?. Someone still loves you!. Radio ga ga. Radio ga ga. Radio ga ga. You had your time, you had the power. You've yet to have your finest hour. RadioMove yourself. You always live your life. Never thinking of the future. Prove yourself. You are the move you make. Take your chances win or loser. See yourself. You are the steps you take. You and you, and that's the only way. Shake, shake yourself. Your every move you make. So the story goes. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. (Much better than a). Owner of a broken heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Say, you don't. Want to chance it. You've been hurt so before. Watch it now. The eagle in the sky. How he dancin' one and only. You, lose yourself. No not for pity's sake. There's no real reason to be lonely. Be yourself. Give your free-will a chance. You've got to want to succeed. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. (Much better than a). Owner of a broken heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. After my own indecision. They confused me so.   (Owner of a lonely heart). My love said never question your will at all. In the end you've got to go. Look before you leap.   (Owner of a lonely heart). And don't you hesitate at all, no no. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. (Much better than a). Owner of a broken heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. (Much better than a). Owner of a broken heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Owner of a lonely heart. Sooner or later each conclusion. Will decide the lonely heart.   (Owner of a lonely heart). It will excite, it will delight. It will give a better start.   (Owner of a lonely heart). Don't deceive your free-will at all. Don't deceive your free-will at all.   (Owner of a lonely heart). Don't deceive your free-will at all. Just receive itOne man come in the name of love. One man come and go. One man come he to justify. One man to overthrow. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. One man caught on a barbed wire fence. One man he resist. One man washed on an empty beach. One man betrayed with a kiss. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. Early morning, April four. Shot rings out in the Memphis sky. Free at last, they took your life. They could not take your pride. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. In the name of love. What more in the name of love. In the name of love. What more in the name of loveI want to break free. I want to break free. I want to break free from your lies. You're so self satisfied I don't need you. I've got to break free. God knows, God knows I want to break free. I've fallen in love. I've fallen in love for the first time. And this time I know it's for real. I've fallen in love, yeah. God knows, God knows I've fallen in love. It's strange but it's true. I can't get over the way you love me like you do. But I have to be sure. When I walk out that door. Oh how I want to be free, Baby. Oh how I want to be free. Oh how I want to break free. But life still goes on. I can't get used to, living without, living without. Living without you by my side. I don't want to live alone, hey. God knows, got to make it on my own. So baby can't you see. I've got to break free. I've got to break free. I want to break free, Yeah. I want, I want, I want, I want to break freeLet's dance in style, let's dance for awhile. Heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies. Hoping for the best but expecting the worst. Are you going to drop the bomb or not?. Let us die young or let us live forever. We don't have the power, but we never say never. Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip. The music's for the sad men. Can you imagine when this race is won?. Turn our golden faces into the sun. Praising our leaders, we're getting in tune. The music's played by the, the madmen. Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever, forever and ever?. Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever? Forever young. Some are like water, some are like the heat. Some are a melody and some are the beat. Sooner or later they all will be gone. Why don't they stay young?. It's so hard to get old without a cause. I don't want to perish like a fleeing horse. Youth's like diamonds in the sun. And diamonds are forever. So many adventures couldn't happen today. So many songs we forgot to play. So many dreams swinging out of the blue. We let them come true. Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever, forever and ever?. Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever, forever and ever?. Forever young, I want to be forever young. Do you really want to live forever?Every time I think of you. I always catch my breath. And I'm still standing here. And you're miles away. And I'm wondering why you left. And there's a storm that's raging. Through my frozen heart tonight. I hear your name in certain circles. And it always makes me smile. I spend my time thinking about you. And it's almost driving me wild. And that's my heart that's breaking. Down this long distance line tonight. That I ain't missing you at all. Since you've been gone away. I ain't missing you at all. No matter what my heart might say. Well there's a message in the wild. And I'm sending you this signal tonight. You don't know, how desperate I've become. And it looks like I'm losing this fight. In your world, I have no meaning. Though I'm trying hard to understand. And it's my heart that's breaking. Down this long distance line. But I ain't missing you at all. Since you've been gone away. I ain't missing you at all. No matter what heart might say. And there's a message that I'm sending out. Like a telegraph to your soul. And if I can't bridge this distance. Stop this heartbreak overload. I ain't missing you at all. Since you've been gone away. I ain't missing you at all. No matter what my friends might say. I ain't missing you at all. See I can lie to myself these days. I ain't missing you at all. Doing fine baby, every thing's okay. 'Cause I ain't missing you. I ain't missing youI'm all out of hope. One more bad break could bring a fall. When I'm far from home. Don't call me on the phone. To tell me you're alone. It's easy to deceive. It's easy to tease. But hard to get release. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. Got no human grace. Your eyes without a face. I spend so much time. Believing all the lies. To keep the dream alive. Now it makes me sad. It makes me mad at truth. For loving what was you. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. Got no human grace. Your eyes without a face. When you hear the music you make a dip. Into someone else's pocket then make a slip. Steal a car and go to Las Vegas oh, the gigolo pool. Hanging out by the state line. Turning Holy Water into wine. Drinking it down. I'm on a bus on a psychedelic trip. Reading murder books tryin' to stay hip. I'm thinkin' of you, and you're out there so. Say your prayers. Say your prayers. Say your prayers. Now I close my eyes. And I wonder why. I don't despise. Now all I can do. Love what was once. So alive and new. But it's gone from your eyes. I'd better realize. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. (Les yeux sans visage). Eyes without a face. Got no human grace. Your eyes without a face. Such a human waste. Your eyes without a face. And now it's getting worseDo you remember when we met. That's the day I knew you were my babe. I want to tell you how much I love you. Come with me, my love. To the sea, the sea of love. I want to tell you just how much I love you. Come with me, to the sea of love. Do you remember when we met. That's the day I knew you were my babe. I want to tell you oh how much I love you. Come with me, to the sea of love. Come with me, my love. To the sea, the sea of love. I want to tell you just how much I love you. I want to tell you oh how much I love youBlue Jean, I just met me a girl named Blue Jean. Blue Jean, she got a camouflaged face and no money. Remember they always let you down when you need 'em. Oh, Blue Jean, is heaven any sweeter than Blue Jean. She got a police bike. She got a turned up nose. Sometimes I feel like. (Oh, the whole human race). Jazzin' for Blue Jean. (Oh, and when my Blue Jean's blue). Blue Jean can send me. (Oh, somebody send me). Somebody send me. (Oh, somebody send me). One day I'm gonna write a poem in a letter. One day I'm gonna get that faculty together. Remember like everybody has to wait in line. Oh, Blue Jean, look out world, oh you know I've got mine. She got Latin roots. She got everything. Sometimes I feel like. (Oh, the whole human race). Jazzin' for Blue Jean. (Oh, and when my Blue Jean's blue). Blue Jean can tempt me. (Oh, somebody send me). Somebody sent me. (Oh, somebody send me). Sometimes I feel like. (Oh, the whole human race). Jazzin' for Blue Jean. (Oh, and when my Blue Jean's blue). Blue Jean can tempt me. (Oh, somebody send me). Somebody sent me. (Oh, somebody send me). Somebody, somebody. (Oh, somebody send me). Somebody send me. (Oh, somebody send me)Oh well uh, you might think h'm crazy. To hang around with you. Or maybe you think I'm lucky. To have somethin' to do. But I think that you're wild. Inside me is some child. You might think I'm foolish. Or maybe it's untrue.   (You might think I'm crazy). You might think I'm crazy.   (All I want is you). All I want is you. You might think it's hysterical. But I know when you're weak. You think you're in the movies. And everything's so deep. But I think that you're wild. When you flash that fragile smile. You might think it's foolish. What you put me through.   (You might think I'm crazy). You might think I'm crazy.   (All I want is you). All I want is you. And it was hard so hard to take.   (So hard to take).   (There's no escape). There's no escape. Without a scrape.    (Without a scrape). But you kept it going till the sun fell down. You kept it going. Oh well uh, you might think I'm delirious. The way I run you down. But somewhere sometimes. When you're curious. I'll be back around. Oh, I think that you're wild. And so uniquely styled. You might think it's foolish. This chancy rendezvous.    (You might think I'm crazy). You might think I'm crazy.    (All I want is you). All I want is you, aoo. All I want is you.   (All I want is you). All I want is youShe's got legs, she knows how to use them. She never begs, she knows how to choose them. She's holdin' legs, wonderin' how to feel them. Would you get behind them if you could only find them?. She's my baby, she's my baby. Yeah, it's alright, oh yeah. She's got hair down to her fanny. She's kinda jet set, try undo her panties. Every time she's dancin' she knows what to do. Everybody wants to see, to see if she can use it. She's so fine, she's all mine. Girl, you got it right. She's got legs, she knows how to use them. She never begs, she knows how to choose them. She's got a dime, all of the time. Stays out at night, movin' through time. Oh, I want her, sure, I got to have her. The girl is alright, she's alrightI believe in woman,. my oh my. I believe in lovin',. my oh my. Don't a women need a man, try and catch one if you can. I believe in woman,. my oh my. We all need someone to talk to. my oh my. We all need someone to talk to. my oh my. Ya need a shoulder to cry on, call me I'll be standing by. We all need someone to talk to. my oh my. We all need a lot of lovin'. my oh my. Yeah, a whole lot of lovin'. my oh my. I can lend a helpin' hand if you ain't go nothing planned. We all need some lovin'. my oh my. So let's all swing together. my oh my. We can all swing together. my oh my. You've got troubles on your own, no need to face them all alone. We can all swing together my oh my. So let's all pull together. my oh my.... ya let's all pull together. my oh my. we can ride the stormy weather. if we all get out and try. so let's all pull together. my oh my. yaeh let's all pull together. my oh myyyyy...You should've been gone. Knowing how I made you feel. And I should've been gone. After all your worth a steal. Oh, I must have been a dreamer. (Must have been a dreamer I know). And I must've been someone else. (Someone else). And we should've been over. (Over now). Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). But I want to let go. You'll go on hurtin' me. You'd be better off alone. If I'm not who you thought I'd be. But you know that there's a fever. (There's a fever I know). That you'll never find nowhere else. (Nowhere, nowhere else). Can't you feel it burnin' on and on. Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). Oh Sherrie. But I should've been gone. Long ago, far away. And you should've been gone. Now, I know you'd lie to stay. Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). Oh Sherrie, our love holds on, holds on. (Our love holds on, holds on). (Oh Sherrie, our love Sherrie, Sherrie). Hold on, oh SherrieI got it bad. You don't know how bad I got it. You got it easy. You don't know when you've got it good. It's getting harder. Just keeping life and soul together. I'm sick of fighting. Even though I know I should. The cold is biting. Through each and every nerve and fiber. My broken spirit is frozen to the core. I don't wanna be here no more. Wouldn't it be good to be in your shoes. Even if it was for just one day?. Wouldn't it be good if we could wish ourselves away?. Wouldn't it be good to be on your side?. The grass is always greener over there. Wouldn't it be good if we could live without a care?. You must be joking. You don't know a thing about it. You've got no problem. I'd stay right there if I were you. I got it harder. You couldn't dream how hard I got it. Stay out of my shoes. If you know what's good for you. The heat is stifling. Burning me up from the inside. The sweat is coming through each and every pore. I don't wanna be here no more. I don't wanna be here no more. I don't wanna be here no more. Wouldn't it be good to be in your shoes. Even if it was for just one day?. Wouldn't it be good if we could wish ourselves away?. Ooh. Wouldn't it be good to be on your side?. The grass is always greener over there. Wouldn't it be good if we could live without a care?. I got it bad. You don't know how bad I got it. You got it easy. You don't know when you've got it good. It's getting harder. Just keeping life and soul together. I'm sick of fighting. Even though I know I should. I don't wanna be here no more...Guess there are times. When we all need to share a little pain. And ironing out the rough spots. Is the hardest part when memories remain. And it's times like these. When we all need to hear the radio. 'Cause from the lips of some old singer. We can share the troubles we already know. Turn them on, turn them on. Turn on those sad songs. When all hope is gone. Why don't you tune in and turn them on. They reach into your room. Just feel their gentle touch. When all hope is gone. Sad songs say so much. If someone else is suffering enough. To write it down. When every single word makes sense. Then it's easier to have those songs around. Kick inside is in the line. That finally gets to you. And it feels so good to hurt so bad. And suffer just enough to sing the blues. So turn them on, turn them on. Turn on those sad songs. When all hope is gone. Why don't you tune in and turn them on. They reach into your room. Just feel their gentle touch. When all hope is gone. You know sad songs say so much. Sad songs, they say. Sad songs, they say. Sad songs, they say. Sad songs, they say so much. So turn them on, turn them on. Turn on those sad songs. When all hope is gone. Why don't you tune in and turn them on. They reach into your room. Just feel their gentle touch. When all hope is gone. You know sad songs say so much. When all hope is gone. You know sad songs say so much. When all the little bit of hope is gone. Sad songs say so much. When all the little bit of hope is gone. Sad songs say so much. When all hope is gone. Sad songs sayThree, four. Everybody's talking and no one says a word. Everybody's making love and no one really cares. There's Nazis in the bathroom just below the stairs. Always something happening and nothing going on. There's always something happening cooking and nothing in the pot. They're starving back in China so finish what you got. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Strange days indeed, strange days indeed. Everybody's runnin' and no one makes a move. Everyone's a winner and nothing left to lose. There's a little yellow idol to the north of Kathmandu. Everybody's flying and no one leaves the ground. Everybody's crying and no one makes a sound. There's a place for us in movies you just gotta lay around. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Strange days indeed, most peculiar, mama. Everybody's smoking and no one's getting high. Everybody's flying and never touch the sky. There's U F O's over New York and I ain't too surprised. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Nobody told me there'd be days like these. Strange days indeed, most peculiar, mamaBruce Springsteen. Born In The U.s.a.. Cover Me. The times are tough now, just getting tougher. This old world is rough, it's just getting rougher. Cover me, come on baby, cover me. Well i'm looking for a lover who will come on in and cover me. Promise me baby you won't let them find us. Hold me in your arms, let's let our love blind us. Cover me, shut the door and cover me. Well i'm looking for a lover who will come on in and cover me. . Outside's the rain, the driving snow. I can hear the wild wind blowing. Turn out the light, bolt the door. I ain't going out there no more. . This whole world is out there just trying to score. I've seen enough i don't want to see any more,. Cover me, come on and cover me. I'm looking for a lover who will come on in and cover me. Looking for a lover who will come on in and cover meYou might know of the original sin. And you might know how to play with fire. But did you know of the murder committed. In the name of love, yeah, you thought what a pity. Dream on white boy, white boy. Dream on black girl, black girl. And wake up to a brand new day. To find your dreams have washed away. There was a time when I did not care. And there was a time when the facts did stare. There is a dream and it's held by many. Well, I'm sure you had to see, it's open arms. Dream on white boy, white boy. Dream on black girl, black girl. And wake up to a brand new day. Dream on white boy, white boy. Dream on black girl, black girl. And wake up to a brand new day. To find your dreams have washed away. Dream on white boy, white boy. Dream on black girl, black girl. And wake up to a brand new day. To find your dreams have washed away. Dream on, play with fire. White boy, black girl. Dream on, in the name of love. Black boy, white girl. Dream on, white boy, black girl. Black boy, white girl. Dream on, the name of love, yeah. You thought what a pity. Original sinSuch a shame to believe in escape. A life on every face. And that's a change. 'Til I'm finally left with an eight. Tell me to relax, I just stare. Maybe I don't know if I should change. A feeling that we share. It's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me with rage, it's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me in haste (such a shame). This eagerness to change. It's a shame. The dice decide my fate. And that's a shame. In these trembling hands. My faith tells me to react, I don't care. Maybe it's unkind that I should change. A feeling that we share. It's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me with rage, it's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me in haste (such a shame). This eagerness to change. Such a shame. Tell me to relax, I just stare. Maybe I don't know if I should change. A feeling that we share. It's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me with rage, it's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me in haste. (Such a shame). Write it across my name, it's a shame. (Such a shame). Number me in haste (such a shame). This eagerness to change. Such a shameI guess I thought you'd be here forever. Another illusion I chose to create. You don't know what you got until it's gone. And I found out just a little too late. I was acting as if you were lucky to have me. Doin' you a favor I hardly knew you were there. But then you were gone and it all was wrong. Had no idea how much I cared. Now being without you. Takes a lot of getting used to. Should learn to live with it. But I don't want to. Being without you. Is all a big mistake. Instead of getting easier. It's the hardest thing to take. I'm addicted to you babe. You're a hard habit to break. You found someone else you had every reason. You know I can't blame you for runnin' to him. Two people together but living alone. I was spreading my love too thin. After all of these years. I'm still tryin' to shake it. Doin' much better they say that it just takes time. But deep in the night it's an endless flight. I can't get ya out of my mind. Now being without you. Takes a lot of getting used to. Should learn to live with it. But I don't want to. Being without you. Is all a big mistake. Instead of getting any easier. It's the hardest thing to take. I'm addicted to you babe. You're a hard habit to break. I can't go on, just get, go on. I can't go on, just get, go on. Being without you. Takes a lot of getting used to. Should learn to live with it. I don't want to. Being without you. Is all a big mistake. Instead of getting any easier. It's the hardest thing to take. I'm addicted to you. You're a hard habit to break. Such a hard habit to break. I'm addicted to you. You're a hard habit to break. Such a hard habit to break. I'm addicted to you babyTake your baby by the hand. And make her do a high handstand. And take your baby by the heel. And do the next thing that you feel. We were so in vies. In our dance hall days. We were cool on cries. When all you. And everyone we knew. Could believe, do. And share in what was true. I said, "Dance hall days love". Take your baby by the hair. And pull her close and there, there, there. And take your baby by the ears. And play upon her darkest fears. We were so in vies. In our dance hall days. We were cool on cries. When all you. And everyone we knew. Could believe, do. And share in what was true. I said, "Dance hall days love". Dance hall days. Dance hall days love. Take your baby by the wrist. And in her mouth an amethyst. And in her eyes two sapphires blue. And you need her and she needs you. And you need her and she needs you. And you need her and she needs you. And you need her and she needs you. And you need her and she needs you. We were so in vies. In our dance hall days. We were cool on cries. When all you. And everyone we knew. Could believe, do. And share in what was true. I said, "Dance hall days love". Dance hall days love. Dance hall days. Dance hall days love. Dance hall days. Dance hall days love. Dance hall days. Dance hall days loveEarly in the morning I can't sleep. I can't work and I can't eat. I've been drunk all day, can't concentrate. Maybe I'm makin' a big mistake. . Caught me down like a killer shark. It's like a railroad running right through my heart. Jekyll and Hyde the way I behave. Feel like I'm running on an empty gauge. . Oh no, not again!. It hurts so good. I don't understand. . Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. . Heart beats silly like a big bass drum. Losing all equilibrium. It's so hard in the middle of the week. Maybe this woman's just all I need. . Oh no, not again!. It hurts so good. I don't understand. . Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuate me, baby. . Spirits soar when I'm by her side. She put a little love in this heart of mine. Maybe I'm lucky, maybe I'm freed. Maybe this woman's just all I need. . Oh no, not again!. Hurtin' so good. I don't understand. . Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. . Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuation. Infatuate me. Infatuate me. Infatuation. InfatuationTonight's the night we're gonna make it happen. Tonight we'll put all other things aside. Give in this time and show me some affection. We're going for those pleasures in the night. I want to love you, feel you. Wrap myself around you. I want to squeeze you, please you. I just can't get enough. And if you move real slow I'll let it go. I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control and I think I like it. I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it. And I know, I know, I know, I know. I know I want you. We shouldn't even think about tomorrow. Sweet memories will last a long, long time. We'll have a good time baby, don't you worry. And if we're still playing 'round, boy that's just fine. Let's get excited, we just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control and I think I like it. I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it. And I know, I know, I know, I know. I know I want you, I want you. Instrumental. I want to love you, feel you. Wrap myself around you. I want to squeeze you, please you. I just can't get enough. And if you move real slow I'll let it go. I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control and I think I like it. I'm so excited, and I just can't hide it. And I know, I know, I know, I know.We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. We've got the right to choose and. There ain't no way we'll lose it. This is our life, this is our song. We'll fight the powers that be just. Don't pick our destiny 'cause. You don't know us, you don't belong. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. Oh you're so condescending. Your gall is never ending. We don't want nothin', not a thing from you. Your life is trite and jaded. Boring and confiscated. If that's your best, your best won't do. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. We're right, yeah. We're free, yeah. We'll fight, yeah. You'll see, yeah. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. No way!. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. We're right, yeah. We're free, yeah. We'll fight, yeah. You'll see, yeah. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it anymore. We're not gonna take itForeigner. Agent Provocateur. I Want To Know What Love Is. I gotta take a little time. A little time to think things over. I better read between the lines. In case I need it when I'm older. . Now this mountain I must climb. Feels like a world upon my shoulders. I through the clouds I see love shine. It keeps me warm as life grows colder. . In my life there's been heartache and pain. I don't know if I can face it again. Can't stop now, I've traveled so far. To change this lonely life. . I wanna know what love is. I want you to show me. I wanna feel what love is. I know you can show me. . I'm gonna take a little time. A little time to look around me. I've got nowhere left to hide. It looks like love has finally found me. . In my life there's been heartache and pain. I don't know if I can face it again. I can't stop now, I've traveled so far. To change this lonely life. . I wanna know what love is. I want you to show me. I wanna feel what love is. I know you can show me. . I wanna know what love is. I want you to show me. And I wanna feel, I want to feel what love is. And I know, I know you can show me. . Let's talk about love. I wanna know what love is, the love that you feel inside. I want you to show me, and I'm feeling so much love. I wanna feel what love is, no, you just cannot hide. I know you can show me, yeah. . I wanna know what love is, let's talk about love. I want you to show me, I wanna feel it too. I wanna feel what love is, I want to feel it too. And I know and I know, I know you can show me. Show me love is real, yeah. I wanna know what love is...Now look at them yo-yo's that's the way you do it. You play the guitar on the MTV. That ain't workin' that's the way you do it. Money for nothin' and chicks for free. Now that ain't workin' that's the way you do it. Lemme tell ya them guys ain't dumb. Maybe get a blister on your little finger. Maybe get a blister on your thumb. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchen deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these colour TV's. See the little faggot with the earring and the makeup. Yeah buddy that's his own hair. That little faggot got his own jet airplane. That little faggot he's a millionaire. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchens deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these colour TV's. I shoulda learned to play the guitar. I shoulda learned to play them drums. Look at that mama, she got it stickin' in the camera. Man we could have some fun. And he's up there, what's that? Hawaiian noises?. Bangin' on the bongoes like a chimpanzee. That ain't workin' that's the way you do it. Get your money for nothin' get your chicks for free. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchen deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these colour TV's, Lord. Now that ain't workin' that's the way you do it. You play the guitar on the MTV. That ain't workin' that's the way you do it. Money for nothin' and your chicks for free. Money for nothin' and chicks for freeHey Nikita is it cold. In your little corner of the world?. You could roll around the world. And never find a warmer soul to know. . Oh I saw you by the wall. Ten of your tin soldiers in a row. With eyes that looked like ice on fire. The human heart a captive in the snow. . Oh Nikita you will never know anything about my home. I'll never know how good it feels to hold you. Nikita I need you so. Oh Nikita is the other side of any given line in time. Counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Oh no, Nikita you'll never know. . Do you ever dream of me?. Do you ever see the letters that I write?. When you look up through the wire. Nikita do you count the stars at night?. . And if there comes a time. Guns and gates no longer hold you in. And if you're free to make a choice. Just look towards the west and find a friend. . Oh Nikita you will never know anything about my home. I'll never know how good it feels to hold you. Nikita I need you so. Oh Nikita is the other side of any given line in time. Counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Oh no, Nikita you'll never know. . Oh Nikita you will never know, never know anything about my home. I'll never know how good it feels to hold you. Nikita I need you so. Oh Nikita is the other side of any given line in time. Counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Oh no, Nikita you'll never know. . Nikita, counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Nikita, counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Nikita, counting ten tin soldiers in a row. Nikita, counting ten tin soldiers in a rowNobody on the road. Nobody on the beach. I feel it in the air. The summer's out of reach. Empty lake, empty streets. The sun goes down alone. I'm driving by your house. Though I know you're not home. But I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. You got your hair combed back and your. Sunglasses on baby. I can tell you my love for you will still be strong. After the boys of summer, have gone. I never will forget those nights. I wonder if it was a dream. Remember how you made me crazy. Remember how I made you scream. Now I don't understand. What happened to our love. But babe I'm gonna get you back. I'm gonna show you what I'm made of. I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. I see you walking real slow. Smiling at everyone. I can tell you my love for you will still be strong. After the boys of summer, have gone. Out on the road today. I saw a deadhead sticker on a cadillac. A little voice inside my head said:. "Don't look back, you can never look back". I thought I knew what love was. What did I know?. Those days are gone forever. I should just let them go but,. I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. You got the top pulled down. Radio on baby. I can tell you my love for you will still be strong. After the boys of summer have gone. I can see you. Your brown skin shining in the sun. You got your hair slicked back and those. Wayfarers on, baby. I can tell you my love for you will still be strong. After the boys of summer, have goneOh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Jungle life. I'm far away from nowhere. On my own like Tarzan boy. Hide and seek. I play along while rushing 'cross the forest. Monkey business on a sunny afternoon. Jungle life. I'm living in the open. Native beat that carries on. Burning bright. A fire the blows teh signal to the sky. I sit and wonder does the message get to you?. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Chance tonight. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other world. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Jungle life. You're far away from nothing. It's all right. You won't miss home. Take a chance. Leave everything behind you. Come and join me. Won't be sorry, it's easy to survive. Jungle life. We're living in the open. All alone like Tarzan boy. Hide and seek. We play along while rushing 'cross the forest. Monkey business on a sunny afternoon. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Chance tonight, oh yeah. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Night to night, you won't play. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Chance tonight, oh yeah. Night to night. Night to night. Gimme the other, gimme the other. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. ...NADavid Bowie. Miscellaneous. Dancing In The Street. Ok, talk to you. South america, australia, france, germany, uk, africa. . Calling out around the world. Are you ready for a brand new beat. Summer's here and the time is right. For dancing in the streets. They're dancing in chicago. Down in new orleans. In new york city. . All we need is music, sweet music. There'll be music everywhere. They'll be swinging, swaying, records playing,. Dancing in the street, oh. . It doesn't matter what you wear, just as long as you are there. So come on, every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, around the world. They'll be dancing, dancing in the street. . It's an invitation across the nation, a chance for folks to meet. They'll be laughing and singing, music swinging. Dancing in the street. . Philadelphia, pa. Baltimore in dc now. Don't forget the motor city. On the streets of brazil. Back in the ussr. No matter where you are. . All we need is music, sweet music. There'll be music everywhere. They'll be swinging, swaying, records playing. Dancing in the street, oh. . It doesn't matter what you wear. Just as long as you are there. So come on every guy, grab a girl, everywhere, around the world. They'll be dancing, dancing in the streets. . Way down in l.a., everyday. Dancing in the streets. Cross in china too. Me and you. Dancing in the street. . Don't you know. They'll be dancing. Dancing in the street (repeat)You turn me on, you lift me up. Like the sweetest cup I'd share with you. You lift me up, don't you ever stop, I'm here with you. Now it's all or nothing 'cause you say you'll follow through. You follow me and I, I, I follow you. . What you gonna do when things go wrong?. What you gonna do when it all cracks up?. What you gonna do when the love burns down?. What you gonna do when the flames go up?. . Who is gonna come and turn the tide?. What's it gonna take to make a dream survive?. Who's got the touch to calm the storm inside?. Who's gonna save you?. . Alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, until your love is, alive. . Oh, you lift me up to the crucial top, so I can see. Oh, you lead me on, till the feelings come. And the lights that shine on but if that don't mean nothing. Like if someday it should fall through. You'll take me home where the magic's from and I'll be with you. . What you gonna do when things go wrong?. What you gonna do when it all cracks up?. What you gonna do when the love burns down?. What you gonna do when the flames go up?. . Who is gonna come and turn the tide?. What's it gonna take to make a dream survive?. Who's got the touch to calm the storm inside?. Don't say goodbye, don't say goodbye. In the final seconds who's gonna save you?. . Oh, alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, love is, alive and kicking. Oh, alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, love is, alive and kicking. . Alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, alive and kicking. Stay until your love is, alive and kickingOh thinkin' about all our younger years. There was only you and me. We were young and wild and free. Now nothing can take you away from me. We've been down that road before. But that's over now. You keep me comin' back for more. And baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven. Oh once in your life you find someone. Who will turn your world around. Bring you up when you're feelin' down. Now nothin' can change what you mean to me. Oh there's lots that I could say. But just hold me now. 'Cause our love will light the way. And Baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven. I've been waitin' for so long. For somethin' to arrive. For love to come along. Now our dreams are comin' true. Through the good times and the bad. I'll be standin' there by you, oh!. And baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven, heaven. Whoa, oh, oh!. You're all that I want. You're all that I needNAI can't fight this feeling any longer. And yet I'm still afraid to let it flow. What started out as friendship. Has grown stronger. I only wish I had the strength to let it show. I tell myself that I can't hold out forever. I said there is no reason for my fear. 'Cause I feel so secure when we're together. You give my life direction. You make everything so clear. And even as I wander. I'm keeping you in sight. You're a candle in the window. On a cold, dark winter's night. And I'm getting closer than I ever thought I might. And I can't fight this feeling anymore. I've forgotten what I started fighting for. It's time to bring this ship into the shore. And throw away the oars, forever. 'Cause I can't fight this feeling anymore. I've forgotten what I started fighting for. And if I have to crawl upon the floor. Come crashing through your door. Baby, I can't fight this feeling anymore. My life has been such a whirlwind since I saw you. I've been running round in circles in my mind. And it always seems that I'm following you, girl. 'Cause you take me to the places. That alone I'd never find. And even as I wander. I'm keeping you in sight. You're a candle in the window. On a cold, dark winter's night. And I'm getting closer than I ever thought I might. And I can't fight this feeling anymore. I've forgotten what I started fighting for. It's time to bring this ship into the shore. And throw away the oars, forever. 'Cause I can't fight this feeling anymore. I've forgotten what I started fighting for. And if I have to crawl upon the floor. Come crashing through your door. Baby, I can't fight this feeling anymoreAnd I should have known better. to lie to one as beautiful as you.. Yeah, I should have known better. to take a chance on ever losing you.. But I thought you'd understand. can you forgive me?. I saw you walking by the other day.. I know that you saw me, you turned away and I was lost.. You see: I've never loved no one as much as you.. I've fooled around but tell me now just who is hurting who?. And I should have known better. to lie to one as beautiful as you. I should have known better. to take a chance on ever losing you. but I thought you'd understand. can you forgive me. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. should have known better. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I. should have known better.. It's true. I took our love for granted all along.. And trying to explain where I went wrong. I just don't know.. I cry but tears don't seem to help me carry on.. Now there is no chance you'll come back home. got too much pride.. And I should have known better. to lie to one as beautiful as you. I should have known better. to take a chance on ever losing you. but I thought you'd understand. can you forgive me. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I love you. I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I love you.. No-no-no-no-no-no I love you!. No-no-no-no-no-no, yeah!. And I should have known better. to lie to one as beautiful as youBruce Springsteen. Born In The U.s.a.. Glory Days. I had a friend was a big baseball player back in high school. He could throw that speedball by ya, make you look like a fool. Saw him the other night at this roadside bar i was walking in he was walking out. We went back inside, sat down, had a few drinks, but all we kept talking about. . Glory days, yeah they'll pass you by. Glory days, in the wink of a young girl's eye. Glory days, glory days. . There's this girl that lives up the block, back in school she could turn all the boys heads. Sometimes on friday i'll stop by and have a few drinks after she put her kids to bed. Her and her husband bobby, well they split up, i guess it's two years gone by. We just sit around talking about the old times, she says when she feels like crying she starts laughing thinking about. . Glory days.... . Think i'm going down to the well tonight and i'm gonna drink till i get my fill. I hope when i get older i don't sit around thinking about it, but i probably will. Yeah just sitting back trying to recapture a little of the glory of. Well the time slips away and leaves you with nothing, mister, but boring stories of. . Glory days.... . All right boys keep it rocking now. We gonna go home now. Let's go!NAEver since you've been leaving me. I've been wanting to cry. Now I know how it feels for you. I've been wanting to die. But it's much too late for goodbyes. Yes, it's much too late for goodbyes. Time has gone since I've been with you. We've been starting to lie. Now it seems you don't care for me. and I don't understand why. But it's much too late for goodbyes. Yes, it's much too late for goodbyes. Ever since you've been far away. I've been wanting to fly. Now I know what you meant to me. I'm the one who should cry. And it's much too late for goodbyes. Yes, it's much too late for goodbyes. Ever since you've been leaving me. I've been wanting to cry. Now I know how it feels for you. I've been wanting to die. But it's much too late for goodbyes. Yes, it's much too late for goodbyes. Ooh... Ah.... Dit dit dit dit doo. ba da ba da ba da ba... ba. ba ba ba ba ba... ba ba ba ba ba... baThis is not America. Shala la la la. A little piece of you. The little peace in me. Will die. For this is not America. Blossom fails to bloom this season. Promise not to stare. Too long. For this is not a miracle. There was a time. A storm that blew so pure. For this could be the biggest sky. And I could have the faintest idea. For this is not America. This is not America. This is not. . Snowman melting from the inside. Falcon spirals. To the ground. So bloody red tomorrows clouds. A little piece of you. The little piece in me. Will die. For this is not America. There was a time. A wind that blew so young. For this could be the biggest sky. And I could have the faintest idea. For this is not America. This is not America. This is not. This is not America. This is not. This is not America. This is notHere I am again in this mean old town. And you're so far away from me. And where are you when the sun go down?. You're so far away from me. You're so far away from me. So far I just can't see. You're so far away from me. You're so far away from me, alright. I'm tired of bein' in love and bein' all alone. When you're so far away from me. I'm tired of makin' out on the telephone. 'Cause you're so far away from me. You're so far away from me. You're so far I just can't see. You're so far away from me. You're so far away from me, alright. And I get so tired when I have to explain. When you're so far away from me. See you've been in the sun and I've been in the rain. And you're so far away from me. You're so far away from me. You're so far I just can't see. You're so far away from me. You're so far away from me, take it down. So far away from me. Oh, you're so far away from me. Yeah, you're so far away from me. So far away from me. And you're so far away from me. So far away from me. So far away from me. You're so far away from me. You're so far away from me. So far away from me. So far away from me. You're so far away from me. Alright. You're just so far away from meSting. Fields Of Gold. If You Love Somebody Set Them Free. If you need somebody, call my name. If you want someone, you can do the same. If you want to keep something precious. You got to lock it up and throw away the key. If you want to hold onto your possession. Don't even think about me. . If you love somebody. If you love someone. If you love somebody. If you love someone, set them free. . Set them free. Set them free. Set them free. Set them free. . If it's a mirror you want, just look into my eyes. Or a whipping boy, someone to despise. Or a prisoner in the dark. Tied up in chains you just can't see. Or a beast in a gilded cage. That's all some people ever want to be. . If you love somebody. If you love someone. If you love somebody. If you love someone, set them free. . Set them free. Set them free. Set them free. Set them free. . You can't control an independent heart. Can't tear the one you love apart. Forever conditioned to believe that we can't live. We can't live here and be happy with less. So many riches, so many souls. Everything we see that we want to possess. . If you need somebody, call my name. If you want someone, you can do the same. If you want to keep something precious. You got to lock it up and throw away the key. If you want to hold onto your possession. Don't even think about me. . If you love somebody. If you love someone. If you love somebody. If you love someone set them free. . Set them free. Set them free. Set them free. Set them freeINSTRUMENTAL. Give me just another night,. just another night with you. Give me just another kiss,. just before the dawn breaks through.. 'Cause I'm homesick,. feel a little down and blue. And I'm hurting,. hurting baby just like you.. I was lonely 'til I saw you at the station. And I never thought you'd keep our rendezvous. Baby it's true.. Give me just another night,. just another night with you. Give me just another kiss,. just before the dawn breaks through. 'Cause I'm hungry,. hungry for your loving baby. And I'm thirsty,. thirsty for your loving baby. And a one-day pass to heaven is so hard to find. And a one-night pass ain't really what I had in mind. I need your sweet tenderness,. I need your soft caress. I know the day is coming,. don't take away your loving. Can't you see that I'm humaaaan?. INSTRUMENTAL. Just because you've seen my face,. just because you know my name. I'm a stranger in this town,. can't I have my ups and downs?. Can't you see that I'm humaaan?. I get hungry,. get thirsty. I get moody,. I need attention,. I need your love,. I need your love,. I want your love. Give me just another night, just another night with you. 'Cause I'm freezing. in this hundred-dollar hotel room. Don't make me leave you.. No, don't you be so cruel. Rata, ta ta, rata ta. RICK JaggerDo you remember. chalk hearts melting on a playground wall. Do you remember. dawn escapes from moon washed college halls. Do you remember the cherry blossom in the market square. Do you remember. I thought it was confetti in our hair. By the way didn't I break your heart?. Please excuse me, I never meant to break your heart. So sorry, I never meant to break your heart. But you broke mine. Kayleigh is it too late to say I'm sorry?. And Kayleigh could we get it together again?. I just can't go on pretending that it came to a natural end. Kayleigh, oh I never thought I'd miss you. And Kayleigh I thought that we'd always be friends. We said our love would last forever. So how did it come to this bitter end?. Do you remember. barefoot on the lawn with shooting stars. Do you remember. loving on the floor in Belsize Park. Do you remember. dancing in stilettoes in the snow. Do you remember. you never understood I had to go. By the way, didn't I break your heart. Please excuse me, I never meant to break your heart. So sorry, I never meant to break your heart. But you broke mine. Kayleigh I just wanna say I'm sorry. But Kayleigh I'm too scared to pick up the phone. To hear you've found another lover to patch up our broken home.... Kayleigh I'm still trying to write that love song. Kayleigh it's more important to me now you're gone. Maybe it will prove that we were right. Or it'll prove that I was wrong?Freddie Mercury. Miscellaneous. I Was Born To Love You. An amazing feeling coming through.... . I was born to love you. With every single beat of my heart. Yes, I was born to take care of you. Every single day of my life. . You are the one for me, I am the man for you,. You were made for me, you're my ecstasy. If I was given every opportunity I'd kill for your love. So take a chance with me. Let me romance with you. I'm caught in a dream, and my dreams come true. It's so hard to believe this is happening to me. An amazing feeling coming through.... . I was born to love you. With every single beat of my heart. Yes, I was born to take care of you. Every single day of my life. . I wanna love you, I love evry little thing about you. I wanna love you, love you, love you. Born to love you, born to love you, yes I was born to love you. Born to love you, born to love you every single day of my life. I was born to take care of you every single day of my life. . My life, Hay hay, every single day of my life. . I was born to love you. With every single beat of my heart. Yes, I was born to take care of you, honey. Every single day of my life.NAJust a little more time. Is all we're asking for. 'Cause just a little more time. Could open closing doors. Just a little uncertainty. Can bring you down. And nobody wants to know you now. And nobody wants to show you how. So if you're lost and on your own. You can never surrender. And if your path won't lead you home. You can never surrender. And when the night is cold and dark. You can see, you can see light. Cause no one can take away your right. To fight and to never surrender. With a little perseverance. You can get things done. Without the blind adherence. That has conquered some. And nobody wants to know you now. And nobody wants to show you how. So if you're lost and on your own. You can never surrender. And if your path won't lead you home. You can never surrender. And when the night is cold and dark. You can see, you can see light. 'Cause no one can take away your right. To fight and to never surrender. To never surrender. And when the night is cold and dark. You can see, you can see light. No one can take away your right. To fight and to never surrender. To never surrender. Oh, time is all we're asking for. To never surrender. Oh, oh, you can never surrender. Time is all you're asking for. Stand your ground, never surrender. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I said. You never surrender, ohShe says her love for me could never die. But that'd change if she ever found out about you and I. Oh - but her love is cold. It wouldn't hurt her if she didn't know, 'cause.... When it gets too much. I need to feel your touch. I'm gonna run to you. I'm gonna run to you. Cause when the feelin's right I'm gonna run all night. I'm gonna run to you. She's got a heart of gold she'd never let me down. But you're the one that always turns me on. You keep me comin' 'round. I know her love is true. But it's so damn easy makin' love to you. I got my mind made up. I need to feel your touch. I'm gonna run to you. Ya - I'm gonna run to you. Cause when the feelin's right I'm gonna stay all night. I'm gonna run to you. Ya - I'm gonna run to you. Oh when the feelin's right I'm gonna run all night. I'm gonna run to you. Oh I'm gonna run to you. Ya - I'm gonna run to you. Cause when the feelin's right I'm gonna stay all night. I'm gonna run to you. Oh I'm gonna run to you. Ya - when the feelin's right I'm gonna stay all night. Oh when the feelin's right now. Oh when the feelin's right now. I'm gonna run to you. Ya - I'm gonna run to you. Ya now. Oh I'm gonna run to you, run to you. Baby gonna run to youWhen the feelin' is ended. There ain't no use pretendin'. Don't you worry, it's only love. . When your world has been shattered. Ain't nothin' else matters. It ain't over, well it's only love. And that's all, yeah. . When your heart has been broken. Hard words have been spoken. It ain't easy, but it's only love. . If your life ain't worth livin'. And you're ready to give in. Just remember, that it's only love, yeah. . It's only love, baby. Yeah. . You can live without the aggravation. You gotta wanna win, you gotta wanna win. You keep lookin' back in desperation. Over and over and over again. . No. It's only love, baby. Yeah. Oh baby, baby. It's only love, love, love, love. . World has shattered. Ain't nothin' else matters. It ain't over, it's only love. . If your life ain't worth livin'. And you're ready to give in. Just remember, baby that it's only love, sweet love. Ya, that's all. . It's only love. It's only love. Yeah, it ain't easy baby. It's only love, and that's allIce. Your only rivers run cold. These city lights. They shine as silver and gold. Dug from the night. Your eyes as black as coal. Walk on by. Walk on through. Walk 'til you run. And don't look back. For here I am. Carnival. The wheels fly and the colors spin. Through alcohol. Red wine that punctures the skin. Face to face. In a dry and waterless place. Walk on by. Walk on through. So sad to besiege your love. So head on. Stay in this time. Stay tonight in a lie. I'm only asking but I. I think you know. Come on take me away. Come on take me away. Come on take me home. Home again. And if the mountain should crumble. Or I disappear into the sea. Not a tear, no not I. Stay in this time. Stay tonight in a lie. Ever after, this love in time. And if you will save your love, save it all. Save it all. Don't push me too far. Don't push me too far. Tonight. Tonight. TonightHey baby, I'm talking to you. Stop yourself and listen. Some things you can never choose. Even if you try, yeah. You're bangin' your head again. 'Cause somebody won't let you in. One chance, one love. Your chance to let me know. We can't go on just running away. If we stay any longer we will surely never get away. Anything you want we can make it happen. Stand up and turn around, never let them shoot us down. Never, never, never, never run away. Hey baby, you know it's true. Why you bother lying. When you know that you want it too. Don't you dare deny me. Now walk those legs right over here. Give me what I'm dying for. One chance, one love. Hold me down, never let me go. We can't go on just running away. If we wait any longer, we will surely never get away. Anything you want we can make it happen. Stand up and turn around, never let them shoot us down. Never, never, never, never run away. Never, never, never, never run away. Hey baby, I'm talking to you. Stop yourself and listen. Some things you can never, never choose. Even if you try, yeah. You're bangin' your head again. 'Cause somebody won't let you in. One chance, one love. Your chance to let me know. We can't go on just running away. If we stay any longer, we will surely never get away. Ohh never, ohh never. We can't go on, never, we can't go on, never. Ohh n-never, ohh never. We can't go on, never, we can't go on, never. Ohh never, ohh neverYou could have a steam train. if you'd just lay down your tracks. you could have an aeroplane flying. if you bring your blue sky back. . all you do is call me. I'll be anything you need. . you could have a big dipper. going up and down, all around the bends. you could have a bumper car, bumping. this amusement never ends. . I want to be your sledgehammer. why don't you call my name. oh let me be your sledgehammer. this will be my testimony. show me round your fruitcage. 'cos I will be your honey bee. open up your fruitcage. where the fruit is as sweet as can be. . I want to be your sledgehammer. why don't you call my name. you'd better call the sledgehammer. put your mind at rest. I'm going to be-the sledgehammer. this can be my testimony. I'm your sledgehammer. let there be no doubt about it. . sledge sledge sledgehammer. . I've kicked the habit. shed my skin. this is the new stuff. I go dancing in, we go dancing in. oh won't you show for me. and I will show for you. show for me, I will show for you. yea, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I do mean you. only you. you've been coming through. going to build that powerr. build, build up that power, hey. I've been feeding the rhythm. I've been feeding the rhythm. going to feel that power, build in you. come on, come on, help me do. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you. I've been feeding the rhythm. I've been feeding the rhythm. it's what we're doing, doing. all day and nightI've never seen you looking so lovely as you did tonight. I've never seen you shine so bright. I've never seen so many men ask you if you wanted to dance. They're looking for a little romance,. given half a chance. And I have never seen that dress you're wearing. Or the highlights in your hair that catch your eyes. I have been blind. The Lady In Red. is dancing with me. (Cheek to cheek). There's no body here,. it's just you and me. It's where I want to be. But I hardly know. this beauty by my side. I'll never forget. the way you look tonight. I've never seen you looking so gorgeous as you did tonight. I've never seen you shine so bright,. you were amazing. I've never seen so many people want to be there by your side. And when you turned to me and smiled,. it took my breath away. I have never had such a feeling. Such a feeling of complete and utter love. As I do tonight. The Lady In Red. is dancing with me. (Cheek to cheek). There's no body here,. it's just you and me. It's where I want to be. But I hardly know. this beauty by my side. I'll never forget. the way you look tonight. I never will forget. the way you look tonight.... The Lady In Red,. The Lady In Red. The Lady In Red,. my lady in red.... (I love you...)We're leaving together. But still it's farewell. And maybe we'll come back. To earth, who can tell?. I guess there is no one to blame. We're leaving ground. Will things ever be the same again?. It's the final countdown. The final countdown. Ohh. We're heading for Venus and still we stand tall. 'Cause maybe they've seen us and welcome us all, yea. With so many light years to go and things to be found. (To be found). I'm sure that we'll all miss her so. It's the final countdown. The final countdown. The final countdown.   (The final countdown). Ohh ho ohh. The final countdown, oh ho. It's the final countdown. The final countdown. The final countdown.   (The final countdown). Ohh. It's the final countdown. We're leaving together. The final countdown. We'll all miss her so. It's the final countdown.   (The final countdown). Ohh, it's the final countdown. YeaThink about it, there must be higher love. Down in the heart or hidden in the stars above. Without it, life is wasted time. Look inside your heart, I'll look inside mine. Things look so bad everywhere. In this whole world, what is fair?. We walk blind and we try to see. Falling behind in what could be. Bring me a higher love. Bring me a higher love, oh. Bring me a higher love. Where's that higher love, I keep thinking of?. Worlds are turning and we're just hanging on. Facing our fear and standing out there alone. A yearning, and it's real to me. There must be someone who's feeling for me. Things look so bad everywhere. In this whole world, what is fair?. We walk blind and we try to see. Falling behind in what could be. Bring me a higher love. Bring me a higher love, oh. Bring me a higher love. Where's that higher love, I keep thinking of?. Bring me a higher love. Bring me a higher love, oh. Bring me a higher love. I could rise above on a higher love. I will wait for it, I'm not too late for it. Until then, I'll sing my song. To cheer the night along. I could light the night up with my soul on fire. I could make the sun shine from pure desire. Let me feel that love come over me. Let me feel how strong it could be. Bring me a higher love. Bring me a higher love, oh. Bring me a higher love. Where's that higher love, I keep thinking of?. Bring me a higher love. Bring me a higher love, oh. Bring me a higher loveYour lights are on, but you're not home. Your mind is not your own. Your heart sweats, your body shakes. Another kiss is what it takes. . You can't sleep, you can't eat. There's no doubt, you're in deep. Your throat is tight, you can't breathe. Another kiss is all you need. . Whoa, you like to think that you're immune to the stuff, oh yeah. It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough. You know you're gonna have to face it, you're addicted to love. . You see the signs, but you can't read. You're runnin' at a different speed. Your heart beats in double time. Another kiss and you'll be mine, a one track mind. . You can't be saved. Oblivion is all you crave. If there's some left for you. You don't mind if you do. . Whoa, you like to think that you're immune to the stuff, oh yeah. It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough. You know you're gonna have to face it, you're addicted to love. . Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. . Your lights are on, but you're not home. Your will is not your own. You're heart sweats, your teeth grind. Another kiss and you'll be mine. . Whoa, you like to think that you're immune to the stuff, oh yeah. It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough. You know you're gonna have to face it, you're addicted to love. . Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to love. Might as well face it, you're addicted to loveOh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must have been something you said. I just died in your arms tonight. I keep looking for something I can't get. Broken hearts lie all around me. And I don't see an easy way to get out of this. Her diary, it sits on the bedside table. The curtains are closed, the cat's in the cradle. Who would've thought that a boy like me could come to this. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been something you said. I just died in your arms tonight. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been some kind of kiss. I should've walked away. Is there any just cause for feeling like this?. On the surface I'm a name on a list. I try to be discreet, but then blow it again. I've lost and found, it's my final mistake. She's loving by proxy, no give and all take. 'Cause I've been thrilled to fantasy one too many times. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been something you said. I just died in your arms tonight. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been some kind of kiss. I should've walked away. It was a long hot night. She made it easy, she made it feel right. But now it's over, the moment has gone. I followed my hands not my head, I know I was wrong. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been something you said. I just died in your arms tonight. Oh I, I just died in your arms tonight. It must've been some kind of kiss. I should've walked away[Run-D.M.C.]. Now there's a backseat/lover. That's always under/cover. And I talk til my daddy say. Said you ain't seen/nuthin. Til you're down on her/muffin. And there's sure to be a change in ways. Now there's a cheer/leader. That's a real big/pleaser. As far as I can remi/nisce. But the best thing/love it. Was her sister and her/cousin. And it started with a little kiss, like this. . She starts/swingin. With the boys in/tune. And her feet just fly up in the air. Singin hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle. And they swingin like it just don't care. So I took a big/chance. At the high school/dance. With a lady who was ready to play. It wasn't me she was/foolin. Cause she knew what was she was/doin. when she told me how to walk this way. . [Chorus: Run-D.M.C. and Aerosmith]. . She told me to. Walk this way!. Talk this way!. [repeat 2X]. [repeat all 2X]. Well just gimme a kiss/some head!. Oooh, a-like this!. . [Run-D.M.C.]. School girl/sleazy. With a/classy kind of sassy. Little skirt hangin way up her knee. It was three young ladies. In the school gym/locker. And they find they were lookin D. I was high school/loser. Never made it with a/lady. Til a boy told me somethin I missed. That my next door/neighbor. had a daughter/had a favor. And I gave the girl just a little kiss, like this. . [Aerosmith]. She starts swingin with the boys in the school. with her feet flyin up in the air. Singing hey diddle diddle with a kitty in the middle. I was swingin like I didn't care. So I took a big chance at the high school dance. With a miss who was ready to play. Wasn't me she was foolin cause she knew what she was doin. when she told me how to walk this way. . [Chorus]Standing in line, marking time. .... Waiting for the welfare dime. 'Cause they can't buy a job. The man in the silk suit hurries by. As he catches the poor old lady's eyes. Just for fun he says, "Get a job.". That's just the way it is. Some things will never change. That's just the way it is. Ah, but don't you believe them. Said hey, little boy, you can't go where the others go. 'Cause you don't look like they do. Said hey, old man, how can you stand to think that way?. Did you really think about it before you made the rules?. He said, son. That's just the way it is. Some things will never change. That's just the way it is. Ah, but don't you believe them. Yeah. That's just the way it is. That's just the way it is. Well, they passed a law in '64. To give those who ain't got a little more. But it only goes so far. Because the law don't change another's mind. When all it sees at the hiring time. Is the line on the color bar, no. That's just the way it is. Some things will never change. .... That's just the way it is. That's just the way it is, it is, it is, it isI'm not proud, I was wrong and the truth is hard to take. I felt sure we had enough but our love went overboard. Lifeboat lies lost at sea I've been trying to reach your shore. Waves of doubt keep drowning me. All the dreams that we were building. We never fulfilled them. Could be better, should be better. For lessons in love. For restless eyes, egos burn and the mold is hard to break. Now we've waded in too deep snd love is overboard. Heavy hearts token words all the hopes I ever had. Fade like footprints in the sand. All the homes that we were building. We never lived in. Could be better, should be better. Lessons in love. If we lose the time before us. The future will ignore us. We should use it, we could use it, yeah. Lessons in love. Lost without love. Lessons in love. When will you ever learn. Lessons in love. When there's nowhere left to turn. Lessons in love. Don't let your spirit burn. Lessons in love. I'll wait 'till you return. All the dreams that we were building. (Yeah, yeah, yeah). We never lived them. We could lose it, we should use it. (Lessons in love). Lessons in love. All the homes that we were building. We never lived in. Could be better. (Could be better). Should be better. (Yeah, yeah). Lessons in love. If we lose the time before us. The future will ignore us. We should use it, we could use it. (Good God). Lessons in loveGo now, don't look back. We've drawn the line. Move on, it's no good. To go back in time. I'll never find another girl like you. For happy endings it takes two. We're fire and ice. The dream won't come true. Sara, Sara. Storms are brewin' in your eyes. Sara, Sara, no time. Is a good time for goodbyes. Danger, in the game. When the stakes are high. Branded, my heart was branded. While my senses stood by. I'll never find another girl like you. For happy endings it takes two. We're fire and ice. The dream won't come true. Sara, Sara. Storms are brewin' in your eyes. Sara, Sara, no time. Is a good time for goodbyes. 'Cause Sara loved me. Like no one ever loved me before. And Sara hurt me, no one. Could ever hurt me more. And Sara, Sara and Sara. Nobody loved me anymore. I'll never find another girl like you. We're fire and ice. The dream won't come true. Sara, Sara, no time is a good time, oh. Sara, Sara. Storms are brewin' in your eyes. Sara, Sara, no time. Is a good time for goodbyes. Sara, Sara. Storms are brewing in your eyes. Sara, Sara, no time. Is a good time, no. Oh Sara, why did it, why did it. Why did it all fall apart?We've had some fun. And yes we've had our ups and downs. Been down that rocky road. But here we are still around. We thought about someone else. But neither one took the bait. You thought about breakin' up. Now we know it's much too late. We are bound by all the rest. Like the same phone number. All the same friends. And the same address. Yes, it's true. I am happy to be stuck with you. Yes, it's true. Ah I'm so happy to be stuck with you. 'Cause I can see. That you're happy to be stuck with me. We've had our doubts. We never took them seriously. And we've had our 'Ins and outs'. But that's the way, it's supposed to be. We thought about givin' up. But we could never stay away. Thought about breakin' up. But now we know it's much too late. And it's no great mystery. If we change our minds. Eventually. It's back to you and me. Yes, it's true. I am happy to be stuck with you. Yes, it's true. Ah I'm so happy to be stuck with you. 'Cause I can see. That you're happy to be stuck with me. We are bound by all the rest. Like the same phone number. All the same friends. And the same address. Yes, it's true. I am happy to be stuck with you. Yes, it's true. Ah I'm so happy to be stuck with you. 'Cause I can see. That you're happy to be stuck with me. O I'm so happy to be stuck with you. I'm happy to be stuck with you. Happy to be stuck with youWoohoo, woohoo.. Here comes Johnny singing oldies, goldies. Be-Bop-A-Lula, Baby What I Say. Here comes Johnny singing I Gotta Woman. Down in the tunnels, trying to make it pay. He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication devotion.. He turnin' all the night time into the day. The song about the sweet ole lovin' woman. He do the song about the knife. And he do the walk, he do the walk of life. Yeah, he do the walk of life. Here comes Johnny gonna tell you a story. Hand me down my walkin' shoes. Here come Johnny with the power and the glory. Backbeat, the talkin' blues. He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication devotion. He turnin' all the night time into the day. The song about the sweet ole lovin' woman. He do the song about the knife. And he do the walk, do the walk of life. Yeah, he do the walk of life. Here comes Johnny singing oldies, goldies. Be-Bop-A-Lula, Baby What I Say. Here comes Johnny singing I Gotta Woman. Down in the tunnels, trying to make it pay. He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication devotion. He turnin' all the night time into the day. And after all the violence and double talk. There's just a song in all the trouble and the strife. You do the walk, do the walk of life. Hm, you do the walk of life.. Woohoo. WoohoohooNAWell I've been waiting, waiting here so long. But thinking nothing, nothing could go wrong, ooh now I know. She has a built in ability. To take everything she sees. And now it seems I'm falling, falling for her.. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. It takes control and slowly tears you apart.. Well I don't really know her, I only know her name. But she crawls under your skin, you're never quite the same, and now I know. She's got something you just can't trust. It's something mysterious. And now it seems I'm falling, falling for her.. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. It takes control and slowly tears you apart.. She don't like losing, to her it's still a game. And though she will mess up your life. You'll want her just the same, and now I know. She has a built in ability. To take everything she sees. And now it seems I've fallen, fallen for her.. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. She reaches in, and grabs right hold of your heart. She seems to have an invisible touch yeah. It takes control and slowly tears you apart.. She seems to have an invisible touch...Got myself a cryin', talkin'. Sleepin', walkin', livin' doll. Gotta do my best to please her. Just 'cos she's a livin' doll. Got a rovin' eye. And that is why, she satisfies my soul. Got the one and only, walkin', talkin', livin' doll. Take a look at her hair, it's real. And if you don't believe what I say, just feel. I'm gonna lock her up in a trunk. So, no big hunk can steal her away from me. Got myself a cryin', talkin'. Sleepin', walkin', livin' doll. Gotta do my best to please her. Just 'cos she's a livin' doll. Got a rovin' eye. And that is why she satisfies my soul. Got the one and only, walkin', talkin', livin' doll. Take a look at her hair, it's real. And if you don't believe what I say, just feel. I'm gonna lock her up in a trunk. So no big hunk can steal her away from me. Got myself a cryin', talkin'. Sleepin', walkin', livin' doll. Gotta do my best to please her. Just 'cos she's a livin' doll. Got a rovin' eye. And that is why, she satisfies my soul. Got the one and only, walkin', talkin', livin' dollI'll drive a million miles. To be with you tonight. So if you're feeling low. Turn up your radio. The words we use are strong. They make reality. But now the music's on. Oh, baby dance with me, yeah. Rip it up, move down. Rip it up, move it down to the ground. Rip it up, cool down. Rip it up, don't hang me on the borderline. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun. Deep in the world tonight. Our hearts beat safe and sound. I'll hold you so close. Just let yourself go down. Rip it up, move down. Rip it up, move it down to the ground. Rip it up, cool down. Rip it up, get out what's inside of you. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody have fun. On the edge of oblivion. And all the world is Babylon. And all the love and everyone. A ship of fools sailing on. (Everybody). Everybody have fun tonight. (Everybody). Everybody have fun tonight. Across the nation. Around the world. Everybody have fun tonight. A celebration so spread the word. Everybody, everyone. Everybody, everyone. Everybody, everyone. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody wang chung tonight. Everybody have fun tonight. Everybody have fun. Everybody, everyone. Everybody, everyone. Everybody, everyone. Everybody, everyoneI've nothing much to offer. There's nothing much to take. I'm an absolute beginner. When I'm absolutely sane. As long as we're together. The rest can go to hell. I absolutely love you. But we're absolute beginners. With eyes completely open. But nervous all the same. If our love song. Could fly over mountains. Could laugh at the ocean. Just like the films. There's no reason. To feel all the hard times. To lay down the hard lines. It's absolutely true. Nothing much could happen. Nothing we can't shake. Oh, we're absolute beginners. With nothing much at stake. As long as you're still smiling. There's nothing more I need. I absolutely love you. But we're absolute beginners. But if my love is your love. We're certain to succeed. If our love song. Could fly over mountains. Could sail over heartaches. Just like the films. If it's reason. To feel all the hard times. To lay down the hard lines. It's absolutely trueSpare a little candle, save some light for me. Figures up ahead moving in the trees. White skin in linen, perfume on my wrist. And the full moon that hangs over these dreams in the mist. Darkness on the edge, shadows where I stand. I search for the time on a watch with no hands. I want to see you clearly, come closer than this. But all I remember are the dreams in the mist. These dreams go on when I close my eyes. Every second of the night I live another life. These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside. Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away. Is it cloak 'n' dagger? Could it be spring or fall?. I walk without a cut through a stained glass wall. Weaker in my eyesight, the candle in my grip. And words that have no form are falling from my lips. These dreams go on when I close my eyes. Every second of the night I live another life. These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside. Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away. There's something out there I can't resist. I need to hide away from the pain. There's something out there I can't resist. The sweetest song is silence that I've ever heard. Funny how your feet in dreams never touch the earth. In a wood full of princes freedom is a kiss. But the prince hides his face from dreams in the mist. These dreams go on when I close my eyes. Every second of the night I live another life. These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside. Every moment I'm awake the further I'm away. These dreams go on when I close my eyes. Every second of the night I live another life. These dreams that sleep when it's cold outside. Every moment I'm awake the further I'm awayA vacation in a foreign land, Uncle Sam does the best he can. You're in the army now, oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Now you remember what the draft man said,. nothing to do all day but stay in bed. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. You'll be the hero of the neighbourhood,. nobody knows that you've left for good. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Smiling faces as you wait to land,. but once you get there no-one gives a damn. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Hand grenades flying over your head. Missiles flying over your head,. if you want to survive get out of bed. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Shots ring out in the dead of night,. the sergeant calls 'Stand up and fight!'. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. You've got your orders better shoot on sight,. your finger's on the trigger but it don't seem right. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Night is falling and you just can't see, is this illusion or reality?. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army, in the army now. You're in the army now,. oh-oo-oh you're in the army now. Oh-oo-oh you're in the army, in the army now. Oh-oo-oh you're in the army, in the army now. Oh-oo-oh you're in the army, in the army nowYou take my breath away, oh-oh-oh-oh. Love thinks it's here to stay, oh-oh-oh-oh. There's still so much for me to do. And I can't stop loving you. Oh, can this be true. If you could see what I have seen, oh-oh-oh-oh. Broken hearts and broken dreams, oh-oh-oh-oh. Then I wake up and you're not there. Pain finds me everywhere. Oh, but you don't care. Don't forget me when I'm gone. My heart would break. I have loved you for so long. It's all I can take. You, you take my breath away, oh-oh-oh-oh. Love thinks it's here to stay, oh-oh-oh-oh. Still so much for me to do. And I can't stop loving you. Oh, can this be true. Don't forget me when I'm gone. My heart would break. I have loved you for so long. It's all I can take. Then I wake up and you're not there. Pain finds me everywhere. Oh, but you don't care. Don't forget me when I'm gone. For heaven's sake. I have loved you for so long. Is loving wrong. So don't forget me when I'm gone. My heart would break. I have loved you for so long. Is loving wrongShot through the heart,. And you're to blame!. Darlin', you give love a bad name. An angel's smile is what you sell. You promise me heaven then put me through hell. Chains of love got a hold on me. When passion's a prison you can't break free. Oh! You're a loaded gun, yeah. Oh! There's nowhere to run. No one can save me,. The damage is done. Shot through the heart,. And you're to blame!. You give love a bad name. (Bad name). I play my part and you play your game. You give love a bad name!. (Bad name). Hey, you give love a bad name. Paint your smile on your lips. Blood red nails on your fingertips. A school boy's dream, you act so shy. Your very first kiss was your first kiss goodbye. Whoa! You're a loaded gun. Whoa! There's nowhere to run. No one can save me,. The damage is done. Shot through the heart. And you're to blame!. You give love a bad name. (Bad name). I play my part and you play your game. You give love a bad name!. (Bad name). You give love, oh!. OH!. Shot through the heart,. And you're to blame!. You give love a bad name. I play my part and you play your game. You give love a bad name!. (Bad name). Shot through the heart and you're to blame. You give love a bad name!. (Bad name). I play my part and you play your game. You give love a bad name!. (Bad name). You give love. You give love. (Bad name). You give love. You give love. (Bad name). You give love. You give love. (Bad name). You give love. You give loveOhhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh. Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh. How. How can it be?. That a love. Carved out of caring. Fashioned by fate. Could suffer so hard. From the games. Played once too often. But making mistakes. Is a part. Of life's imperfections. Born of the years. Is it so wrong. To be human after all?. Ohhh, drawn into the stream. Of undefined illusion. Those diamond dreams. They can't disguise the truth. That there is somethin' about you. Baby, so right. I wouldn't be without you. Baby, tonight. If ever our love. Was concealed. No one can say that. We didn't feel. Million things. And a perfect dream of life. Gone. Fragile but free. We remain. Tender together. Not so in love. It's not so wrong. We're only human after all. These changing years. They add to your confusion. Oh and you need to hear. The time that told the truth. Because there's somethin' about you. The way you are so right.   (Baby). I couldn't live without you.   (I couldn't live without you). Baby, here tonight. Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh. Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh. And now there's somethin' about you, yea.   (Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh). And I couldn't live without you, tonight.   (Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh, ohhh)Whoa, here it comes. That funny feeling again. Winding me up inside. Every time we touch. Hey, I don't know. Oh, tell me where to begin. 'Cause I never ever. Felt so much. And I can't recall. Any love at all. Ah baby, this blows 'em all away. It's got what it takes. So tell me why can't this be love?. Straight from my heart. Oh, tell me why can't this be love?. I tell myself. Hey, only fools rush in. And only time will tell. If we stand the test of time. All I know. You've got to run to win. And I'll be damned if I'll get. Hung up on the line. Hey!. No, I can't recall. Anything at all. Oh, baby this blows them all away. Woo!. It's got what it takes. So tell me why can't this be love?. You want it straight from the heart. Oh, tell me why can't this be love?. Woo!. It's got what it takes. So tell me why can't this be love?. Straight from my heart. Oh, tell me why can't this be love?. Baby why can't this be love. Got to know why can't this be love?. I wanna know why can't this be love?Babe, tomorrow's so far away. There's something I just have to say. I don't think I can hide. What I'm feelin' inside. Another day, knowin' I love you. And I. I'm getting too close again. I don't want to see it end. If I tell you tonight. Will you turn out the light. And walk away knowin'. I love you?. I'm gonna take you by surprise. And make you realize. Amanda. I'm gonna tell you right away. I can't wait another day. Amanda. I'm gonna say it like a man. And make you understand. Amanda. I love you. And I feel like today's the day. I'm lookin' for the words to say. Do you wanna be free. Are you ready for me. To feel this way. I don't wanna lose you. So, it may be too soon, I know. The feeling takes so long to grow. If I tell you today. Will you turn me away. And let me go?. I don't wanna lose you. I'm gonna take you by surprise. And make you realize. Amanda. I'm gonna tell you right away. I can't wait another day. Amanda. I'm gonna say it like a man. And make you understand. Amanda. You and I. I know that we can't wait. And I swear. I swear it's not a lie girl. Tomorrow may be too late. You, you and I girl. We can share a life together. It's now or never. And tomorrow may be too late. And, feelin' the way I do. I don't wanna wait my whole life through. To say I'm in love with youYou move it to the left. Yeah, you go for yourself. You move it to the right. Yeah, if it takes all night. Now take it kinda slow. With a whole lot of soul. Don't move it too fast. Just make it last. You scratch just like a monkey. Yeah, you do real cool. You slide it to the limbo. Yeah, how low can you go?. Now come on baby. Don't fall down on me now. Just move it right here. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Hitch, hitch hike baby. Across the floor. Woh, woh, woh. I can't stand it no more. Now come on baby. Now get into your slide. Just ride, ride, ride. Little pony, ride. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Do the monkey shine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shake a tail feather baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shake a tail feather baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah like your mother told you how. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do the 'Harlem Shuffle'I'm mad about you. You're mad about me babe. Couple of fools run wild, aren't we. Pushing the day into the nighttime. Somewhere between the two. We start to see. Mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you). You and I. Something 'bout you. Right here beside me. Touches the touched part of me like I can't believe. Pushing the night into the daytime. Watching the sky's first light. While the city sleeps. Mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you). You and I. I'm mad about you. You're mad about me babe. A couple of fools run wild, aren't we.... Mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you). You and I. I'm mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you). You and I. Mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you). You and I. I'm mad about you (Mad about you). Lost in your eyes (Reason aside). Mad about love (Mad about you)So what you need. Hey, here is the story. Forget about the troubles in life. Don't you know, it's not easy. When you gotta walk upon that line. That's why, you need. That's why, this is what you need. I'll give you what you need. Don't you get sad and lonely. You need a change from what you do all day. Well there ain't no sense on crying. Just pick it up and throw it into shape. That's why, you need. That's why, this is what you need. I'll give you what you need. Hey you, won't you listen. This is not the end of it all. Don't you see there is a rhythm. I'll take you where you. Really need to be, oh yeah. I'll take you, I'll take you, where you wanna be. I'll take you, where you wanna beBruce Springsteen. Born In The U.s.a.. My Hometown. I was eight years old and running with a dime in my hand. Into the bus stop to pick up a paper for my old man. I'd sit on his lap in that big old buick and steer as we drove through town. He'd tousle my hair and say son take a good look around. This is your hometown, this is your hometown. This is your hometown, this is your hometown. . In `65 tension was running high at my high school. There was a lot of fights between the black and white. There was nothing you could do. Two cars at a light on a saturday night in the back seat there was a gun. Words were passed in a shotgun blast. Troubled times had come to my hometown. My hometown, my hometown, my hometown. . Now main street's whitewashed windows and vacant stores. Seems like there ain't nobody wants to come down here no more. They're closing down the textile mill across the railroad tracks. Foreman says these jobs are going boys and they ain't coming back to. Your hometown, your hometown, your hometown, your hometown. . Last night me and kate we laid in bed talking about getting out. Packing up our bags maybe heading south. I'm thirty-five we got a boy of our own now. Last night i sat him up behind the wheel and said son take a good. Look around. This is your hometownI don't care what you say. You can give it away. Your money don't mean much to me. I've been out on my own. Gonna got it alone now 'cause that's the way it's got to be. Ev'rybody tells me how I can beat the odds for now. Well, I've been standing by the fire. But I just can't feel the heat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Beating like mine, looking at me. It's easy to see, you think you know just how I feel. If you do to me wrong and it won't take me long. Before my restless heart will heal. I'm looking for a love, love like mine. They tell me it's so hard to find. But I can feel it in the rhythm of the heartbeat in the street. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Beating like mine, beating like mine. Tell me what you feel now without the heartbeat. Tell me is it real now without the heartbeat?. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeat. Heartbeat, I'm looking for a heartbeatQueen. A Kind Of Magic. A Kind Of Magic. It's a kind of magic,. It's a kind of magic,. A kind of magic,. One dream, one soul, one prize,. One goal, one golden glance of what should be,. It's a kind of magic,. One shaft of light that shows the way,. No mortal man can win this day,. It's a mind of magic,. The bell that rings inside your mind,. It's a challenging the doors of time,. It's a kind of magic,. The waiting seems eternity,. The day will dawn of sanity,. It's a kind of magic,. There can be only one,. This rage that lasts a thousand years. Will soon be gone,. This flame that burns inside of me,. I'm hearing secret harmonies. It's a kind of magic,. The bell that rings inside your mind,. Is challenging the doors of time,. It's a kind of magic,. It's a kind of magic,. This rage that lasts a thousand years,. Will soon be will soon be,. Will soon be gone,. This is a kind of magic,. Tere can only be one,. This life that lasts a thousand years,. Will soon be gone,. Magic - it's a kind of magic,. It's a kind of magic,. Magic, magic, magic, magic,. It's magic,. It's a kind of magic.NASee the stone set in your eyes. See the thorn twist in your side. I'll wait for you. Sleight of hand and twist of fate. On a bed of nails she makes me wait. And I wait without you. With or without you. With or without you. Through the storm, we reach the shore. You give it all but I want more. And I'm waiting for you. With or without you. With or without you. I can't live with or without you. And you give yourself away. And you give yourself away. And you give, and you give. And you give yourself away. My hands are tied, my body bruised. She's got me with nothing to win. And nothing left to lose. And you give yourself away. And you give yourself away. And you give, and you give. And you give yourself away. With or without you. With or without you. I can't live. With or without you. With or without you. With or without you. I can't live. With or without you. With or without youI have climbed highest mountains. I have run through the fields. Only to be with you. Only to be with you. I have run. I have crawled. I have scaled these city walls. These city walls. Only to be with you. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. I have kissed honey lips. Felt the healing in her fingertips. Burning like a fire. This burning desire. I have spoke with the tongue of angels. I have held the hand of a devil. It was warm in the night. I was cold as a stone. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. I believe in the kingdom come. Then all the colors will bleed into one. Bleed into one. But yes I'm still running. You broke the bonds. And you loosed the chains. Carried the cross. Of my shame. Oh my shame. You know I believe it. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. But I still haven't found what I'm looking forOnce upon a time not so long ago. Tommy used to work on the docks. Union's been on strike. He's down on his luck. It's tough, so tough. Gina works the diner all day. Working for her man. She brings home her pay for love. For love. She says: We've got to hold on to what we've got. 'Cause it doesn't make a difference if we make it or not. We've got each other and that's a lot for love -. We'll give it a shot. Wooah. We're half way there. Woah-oh. Livin' on a prayer. Take my hand and we'll make it. I swear, livin' on a prayer. Tommy got his six string in hock. Now he's holding in what he used to make it talk. So tough, it's tough. Gina dreams of running away. When she cries in the night. Tommy whispers: Baby. It's okay, someday. We've got to hold on to what we've got. Wooah. We're half way there. Woah-oh. Livin' on a prayer. We've got to hold on ready or not. You live for the fight when it's all that you've got. Wooah. We're half way there. Woah-oh. Livin' on a prayer. Wooah. We're half way there. Woah-oh. Livin' on a prayer. Wooah. We're half way there. Woah-oh. Livin' on a prayerI couldn't figure why. You couldn't give me what everybody needs. I shouldn't let you kick me when I'm down. My baby. I find out everybody knows that. You've been using me. I'm surprised you. Let me stay around you. One day I'm gonna lift the cover. And look inside your heart. We gotta level before we go. And tear this love apart. There's no fight you can't fight this battle of love with me. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete. There's no life on earth, no other could see me through. You win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can. And I'll be, I'll be following you. Following you, oh girl. Oh baby, I shake you from now on. I'm gonna break down your defenses, one by one. I'm gonna hit you from all sides, lay your fortress open wide. Nobody stops this body from taking you. You better beware, I swear. I'm gonna be there one day when you fall. I could never let you cast aside. The greatest love of all. There's no fight you can't fight this battle of love with me. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete. There's no life on earth, no other could see me through. You win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can. And I'll be, I'll be following you. Following you. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete. There's no life on earth, no other could see me through. You win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can. And I'll be, I'll be following you. Following, following you. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete. There's no life on earth, no other could see me through. You win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can. There's no fight you can't fight this battle of love with me. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete. There's no life on earth, no other could see me through. You win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can. There's no fight you can't fight this battle of love with me. You win again, so little time, we do nothing but competeThere is freedom within. There is freedom without. Try to catch the deluge in a paper cup. There's a battle ahead. Many battles are lost. But you'll never see the end of the road. While you're travelling with me. Hey now, Hey now. Don't dream it's over. Hey now, Hey now. When the world comes in. They come, they come. To build a wall between us. We know they won't win. Now I'm towing my car. There's a hole in the roof. My possessions are causing me suspicion But there's no proof. In the paper today. Tales of war and of waste. But you turn right over to the T.V page. Hey now, Hey now. Don't dream it's over. Hey now, hey now. When the world comes in. They come, they come. To build a wall between us. We know they won't win. Now I'm walking again. To the beat of a drum. And I'm counting the steps to the door of your heart. Only shadows ahead. Barely clearing the roof. Get to know the feeling of liberation and relief. Hey now, Hey now. Don't dream it's over. Hey now, Hey now. When the world comes in. They come, they come. To build a wall between us. You know they won't win. Don't let them win. Hey now, Hey now. Hey now, Hey now. Hey now, Hey now. Don't let them win (They come, They come). Don't let them win (Hey now, Hey now)I hear the tickin' of the clock. I'm lying here the room's pitch dark. I wonder where you are tonight. No answer on the telephone. And the night goes by so very slow. Oh I hope that it won't end though. Alone. Till now I always got by on my own. I never really cared until I met you. And now it chills me to the bone. How do I get you alone?. How do I get you alone?. You don't know how long I have wanted. To touch your lips and hold you tight, oh. You don't know how long I have waited. And I was going to tell you tonight. But the secret is still my own. And my love for you is still unknown. Alone. Ohh. Till now I always got by on my own. I never really cared until I met you. And now it chills me to the bone. How do I get you alone?. How do I get you alone?. How do I get you alone?. How do I get you alone?. Alone, aloneI wanna run, I want to hide. I wanna tear down the walls. That hold me inside. I wanna reach out. And touch the flame. Where the streets have no name. I want to feel, sunlight on my face. I see the dust cloud disappear. Without a trace. I want to take shelter. From the poison rain. Where the streets have no name. Where the streets have no name. Where the streets have no name. We're still building, then burning down love. Burning down love, and when I go there. I go there with you, it's all I can do. The city's a flood and our love turns to rust. We're beaten and blown by the wind. Trampled in dust. I'll show you a place. High on a desert plain. Where the streets have no name. Where the streets have no name. Where the streets have no name. We're still building, then burning down love. Burning down love, and when I go there. I go there with you, it's all I can do. Our love turns to rust. We're beaten and blown by the wind. Blown by the wind, oh, and I see our love. See our love turn to rust. Oh, we're beaten and blown by the wind. Blown by the wind. Oh, when I go there, I go there with you. It's all I can doMy name is Luka. I live on the second floor. I live upstairs from you. Yes, I think you've seen me before. . If you hear something late at night. Some kind of trouble, some kind of fight. Just don't ask me what it was. Just don't ask me what it was. Just don't ask me what it was. . I think it's 'cause I'm clumsy. I try not to talk too loud. Maybe it's because I'm crazy. I try not to act too proud. . They only hit until you cry. After that you don't ask why. You just don't argue anymore. Just don't argue anymore. Just don't argue anymore. . Yes, I think I'm okay. Walked into the door again. If you ask that's what I'll say. It's not your business anyway. . I guess I'd like to be alone. With nothing broken, nothing thrown. Just don't ask me how I am. Just don't ask me how I am. Just don't ask me how I am. . My name is Luka. I live on the second floor. I live upstairs from you. Yes, I think you've seen me before. . If you hear something late at night. Some kind of trouble, some kind of fight. Just don't ask me what it was. Just don't ask me what it was. Just don't ask me what it was. . They only hit until you cry. After that you don't ask why. You just don't argue anymore. Just don't argue anymore. Just don't argue anymoreYou sheltered me from harm. Kept me warm, you kept me warm. You gave my life to me. Set me free, you set me free. Of all the years I ever knew. Those finer ones I spent with you. I would give everything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. You taught me how to cry. I don't know why, just don't know why. You told those lies to me. You set me free, you set me free. Of all the years I ever knew. Those finer ones I spent with you. I would give everything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. Just to hold you once again. If there's someone you know. That won't let you go and taking it all for granted. You may lose them one day, someone take them away. And you don't hear a word they say. I would give everything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. Just to hold you once again. I would give everything I own. Give up my life, my heart, my home. I would give everything I own. Just to have you back again. Just to hold you once again, once againHead to toe. I know. Today started with a crazy kiss. On our way home. We were in for a surprise. Who would have known. Who would have thought that we would become lovers. As friends we were so, so tight. Can't help myself, you make me feel so right. I got to, got to, tell you, darlin'. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. I think I love you from head to toe. I know. Here today, gone tomorrow. It's possible, but I doubt it. His kiss is credit in the bank of love. I never leave home without it. He's different from any boy I know. Body supreme. Bedroom eyes, head back to the side. Please don't be so mean. 14 karat love, you are my jewel of the Nile. When we make love diamonds are forever. Top to bottom I love you, I will leave you never. I got to, got to, tell you, darlin'. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I've got to kiss you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. You got to know. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. I think I love you from head to toe. You can't hurry love, you got to take it slow. But my angel, you forget your wings tonight. (Heaven up above). Baby, you got the love. 14 karat love, you are my jewel of the Nile. When we make love diamonds are forever. Top to bottom I love you, I will leave you never. I got to, got to, tell you, darlin'. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I want to kiss you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. You got to know. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toe. I think I love you from head to toe. I know. Ooh, baby, I want to kiss you. From head to toe. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. You got to know. Ooh, baby, I think I love you. From head to toeWe have the chance to turn the pages over. We can write what we want to write. We gotta make ends meet, before we get much older. We're all someone's daughter. We're all someone's son. How long can we look at each other. Down the barrel of a gun?. You're the voice, try and understand it. Make the noise and make it clear, oh, woah. We're not gonna sit in silence. We're not gonna live with fear, oh, woah. This time, we know we all can stand together. With the power to be powerful. Believing we can make it better. Ooh, we're all someone's daughter. We're all someone's son, oh. How long can we look at each other. Down the barrel of a gun?. You're the voice, try and understand it. Make the noise and make it clear, oh, woah. We're not gonna sit in silence. We're not gonna live with fear, oh, woah. Ooh, we're all someone's daughter. We're all someone's son. How long can we look at each other. Down the barrel of a gun?. You're the voice, try and understand it. Make the noise and make it clear, oh, woah. We're not gonna sit in silence. We're not gonna live with fear, oh, woah. Repeat until endIf I could turn the page. In time then I'd rearrange just a day or two. (Close my, close my, close my eyes). But I couldn't find a way. So I'll settle for one day to believe in you. (Tell me, tell me, tell me lies). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies). Oh, no, no you can't disguise. (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. Although I'm not making plans. I hope that you understand there's a reason why. (Close your, close your, close your eyes). No more broken hearts. We're better off apart, let's give it a try. (Tell me, tell me, tell me lies). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies). Oh, no, no you can't disguise. (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. If I could turn the page. In time then I'd rearrange just a day or two. (Close my, close my, close my eyes). But I couldn't find a way. So I'll settle for one day to believe in you. (Tell me, tell me, tell me lies). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies). Oh, no, no you can't disguise. (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. (Tell me lies, tell me, tell me lies). Oh, no, no you can't disguise. (You can't disguise, no you can't disguise). Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies. (Tell me, tell me lies)NANo, I don't know where I'm going. But, I sure know where I've been. Hanging on the promises. In the songs of yesterday. An' I've made up my mind. I ain't wasting no more time. Though I keep searching for an answer. I never seem to find what I'm looking for. Oh Lord, I pray. You give me strength to carry on. 'Cos I know what it means. To walk along the lonely street of dreams. An' here I go again on my own. Goin' down the only road I've ever known. Like a drifter I was born to walk alone. An' I've made up my mind. I ain't wasting no more time. I'm just another heart in need of rescue. Waiting on love's sweet charity. An' I'm gonna hold on. For the rest of my days. 'Cos I know what it means. To walk along the lonely street of dreams. An' here I go again on my own. Goin' down the only road I've ever known. Like a drifter I was born to walk alone. An' I've made up my mind. I ain't wasting no more time. But, here I go again. Here I go again. Here I go again. Ooh baby, ooh yeah. An' I've made up my mind, baby. I ain't wasting no more time. An' here I go again on my own. Goin' down the only road I've ever known. Like a drifter I was born to walk alone. 'Cos I know what it means. To walk along the lonely street of dreams. An' here I go again on my own. Goin' down the only road I've ever known. Like a drifter I was born to walk aloneBeatles. Miscellaneous. Teddy Boy (get Back-let It Be Demo). ===============================================. Beatles - Teddy Boy (Get Back/Let It Be demo). ===============================================. (Paul McCartney). Lead Vocal: Paul McCartney. This is the story. About a boy named Ted. If his mother said (Said). "Ted, be good (Be good, Ted)," he would (Alright). She told him tales. About a soldier dad. But it made her sad. Then she cried, oh my. Ted used to tell her. He'd be twice as good. And he knew he could. 'Cause in his head he said. "Mummy don't worry. Your mblmblmbl's here. Taking good care of you. Mama don't worry. Your Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through". And she said. "Teddy don't worry. Your mummy's here. Taking good care of you". She said, "Teddy don't worry. Your mummy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through". He said, "Ta da da...". Then came the day. She found herself a man. Teddy turned and ran. Oh far away, oh yeah. He couldn't stand. Just to be around. So he left the town far away, yeah yeah. Ted used to tell her. He'd be twice as good. And he know he could. 'Cause in his head he said. "Mummy don't worry. Now Teddy boy's here. Taking good care of you. Mummy don't worry. Your Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through". And she said. "Teddy don't worry. Now mummy's here. Taking good care of you. Teddy don't worry. Your mummy's here. Mummy's gonna see you through". And he said. "Mummy mummy don't worry. Your Teddy boy's here. Taking good care of you. Mummy don't worry. Now Teddy boy's here. Teddy's gonna see you through". Take your partners. And dosi-do. Hold them tight. And don't let go. When got it. Jump up. Take your partners. And dosi-do. When you got it. Then let it go. Hold them tight then. Now Ted used to tell her. He'd be twice as good. And he knew he could. 'Cause in his head, he said (fade out)When lights go down, I see no reason. For you to cry, we've been through this before. In every time, in every season. God knows I've tried. So please don't ask for more. Can't you see it in my eyes?. Though this might be our last goodbye. Carrie. Carrie. Things they change my friend. Woh ohh. Carrie. Carrie. Maybe we'll meet again. Somewhere, again. I read your mind with no intentions. Of being unkind, I wish I could explain. It all takes time. A whole lot of patience. If it's a crime, how come I feel no pain?. Can't you see it in my eyes?. Though this might be our last goodbye. Ohh ho ho. Carrie. Carrie. Oh, things they change my friend. Woh ohh. Carrie. Carrie. Maybe we'll meet again. Ohh. Can't you see it in my eyes?. Though this might be our last goodbye.   (Ohh ho ho). Ohh. Carrie. Carrie. Ohh, things they change. Carrie, Carrie, Carrie.   (Ohh ho ho). Carrie. Carrie. Maybe we'll meet again. Oh, somewhere again. When lights go downI must've dreamed a thousand dreams. Been haunted by a million screams. But I can hear the marching feet. They're moving into the street.. Now did you read the news today. They say the danger's gone away. But I can see the fire's still alight. Burning into the night.. There's too many men. Too many people. Making too many problems. And not much love to go round. Can't you see. This is a land of confusion.. Ooh this is the world we live in. (Oh-oh-oh). And these are the hands we're given. (Oh-oh-oh). Use them and let's start trying. (Oh-oh-oh). To make it a place worth living in.. Ooh Superman where are you now. When everything's gone wrong somehow. The men of steel, men of power. Are losing control by the hour.. This is the time. This is the place. So we look for the future. But there's not much love to go round. Tell me why, this is a land of confusion.. This is the world we live in. (Oh-oh-oh). And these are the hands we're given. (Oh-oh-oh). Use them and let's start trying. (Oh-oh-oh). To make it a place worth living in.. I remember long ago. Ooh when the sun was shining. Yes and the stars were bright. All through the night. And the sound of your laughter. As I held you tight. So long ago. I won't be coming home tonight. My generation will put it right. We're not just making promises. That we know, we'll never keep.. Too many men. There's too many people. Making too many problems. And not much love to go round. Can't you see. This is a land of confusion.. Now this is the world we live in. (Oh-oh-oh). And these are the hands we're given. (Oh-oh-oh). Use them and let's start trying. (Oh-oh-oh). To make it a place worth fighting for.. This is the world we live in. (Oh-oh-oh). And these are the names we're given. (Oh-oh-oh). Stand up and let's start showing. (Oh-oh-oh). Just where our lives are going to.I should have known better than to let you go alone. It's times like these I can't make it on my own. Wasted days and sleepless nights. And I can't wait to see you again. I find I spend my time waiting on your call. How can I tell you, baby my back's against the wall. I need you by my side to tell me it's alright. 'Cause I don't think I can take anymore. Is this love that I'm feeling?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. This must be love 'cause it's really got a hold on me. A hold on me. I can't stop the feeling I've been this way before. But with you I've found the key to open any door. I can feel my love for you growing stronger day by day. And I can't wait to see you again, so I can hold you in my arms. Is this love that I'm feeling?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. This must be love 'cause it's really got a hold on me. A hold on me. Is this love that I'm feeling?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love or am I dreaming?. Is this the love that I've been searching for?. Is this love? Is this love?Breakout. When explanations make no sense. When every answer's wrong. You're fighting with less confidence. All expectations gone. The time has come to make or break. Move on, don't hesitate, breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. You've got to find a way. Say what you want to say. Breakout. The situations never change. Tomorrow looks unsure. Don't leave your destinated trains. What are you waiting for?. The time has come to make or break. Breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. You've got to find a way. Say what you want to say. Breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. You've got to find a way. Say what you want to say. Breakout. Some people stop at nothing. If you're searching for something. Lay down the law. Shout out for more. Breakout and shout. Day in, day out. Breakout. Breakout, don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. You've got to find a way. Say what you want to say. Breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. You've got to find a way. Say what you want to say. Breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it last. Breakout, breakout. Don't start to ask. And now you've found a way to make it lastI hold you in my arms as the band plays. What are those words whispered baby just as you turn away. I saw you last night out on the edge of town. I wanna read your mind and know just what i've got in this new thing i've found. So tell me what i see when i look in your eyes. Is that you baby or just a brilliant disguise. . I heard somebody call your name from underneath our willow. I saw something tucked in shame underneath your pillow. Well i've tried so hard baby but i just can't see. What a woman like you is doing with me. So tell me what i see when i look in your eyes. Is that you baby or just a brilliant disguise. . Now look at me baby struggling to do everything right. And then it all falls apart when out go the lights. I'm just a lonely pilgrim i walk this world in wealth. I want to know if it's you i don't trust 'cause i damn sure don't trust. Myself. . Now you play the loving woman i'll play the faithful man. But just don't look too close into the palm of my hand. We stood at the alter the gypsy swore our future was right. But come the wee wee hours maybe baby the gypsy lied. So when you look at me you better look hard and look twice. Is that me baby or just a brilliant disguise. . Tonight our bed is cold. I'm lost in the darkness of our love. God have mercy on the man. Who doubts what he's sure ofAll that time I was searching, nowhere to run to, it started me thinking,. Wondering what I could make of my life, and who'd be waiting,. Asking all kinds of questions, to myself, but never finding the answers,. Crying at the top of my voice, and no one listening,. All this time, I still remember everything you said. There's so much you promised, how could I ever forget.. Listen, you know I love you, but I just can't take this,. You know I love you, but I'm playing for keeps,. Although I need you, I'm not gonna make this,. You know I want to, but I'm in too deep.. So listen, listen to me,. Ooh you must believe me,. I can feel your eyes go thru me,. But I don't know why.. Ooh I know you're going, but I can't believe. It's the way that you're leaving,. It's like we never knew each other at all, it may be my fault,. I gave you too many reasons, being alone, when I didn't want to. I thought you'd always be there, I almost believed you,. All this time, I still remember everything you said, oh. There's so much you promised, how could I ever forget.. Listen, you know I love you, but I just can't take this,. You know I love you, but I'm playing for keeps,. Although I need you, I'm not gonna make this,. You know I want to, but I'm in too deep.. So listen, listen to me,. I can feel your eyes go thru me. It seems I've spent too long. Only thinking about myself - oh. Now I want to spend my life. Just caring bout somebody else.. Listen, you know I love you, but I just can't take this,. You know I love you, but I'm playing for keeps,. Although I need you, I'm not gonna make this,. You know I want to, but I'm in too deep.. You know I love you, but I just can't take this,. You know I love you, but I'm playing for keeps,. Although I need you, I'm not gonna make this,. You know I want to, but I'm in too deep...I see me with you and all the things you do. Keep turning round and round in my mind. Forget the weather we should always be together. And any other thought is unkind. To have you with me I would swim the seven seas. I need you as my guide and my light. My love is a flame that burns in your name. We'll be together, we'll be together tonight. We'll be together, yeah. We'll be together, yeah. We'll be together, yeah. I see you with me and all I want to be. Is dancing here with you in my arms. Forget the weather we should always be together. I'll always be a slave to your charms. To have you with me I would swim the seven seas. I need you as my guide in my life. My love is a flame that burns in your name. We'll be together, we'll be together tonight. We'll be together, yeah. We'll be together, yeah. We'll be together, yeah. Call me baby. You can call me anything you want. Call me baby, call me, just call me. I see you with me and baby makes three. I see me with you and all the things you do. Forget the weather we should always be together. I need you as my guide and my light. My love is the flame that burns in your name. We'll be together, we'll be together tonightOur dad would send us to our room. He'd be the voice of doom. He said that we would thank him later. All day he was solid as a rock. But by eight o'clock. We'd be crumbling. One night, my brother Joe and me. Climbed down the family tree. That grew outside our bedroom window. We ran though we knew it couldn't last. Running from the past. From things that we were born to be. Looking back it's so bizarre. It runs in the family. All the things we are. On the back seat of the car. With Joseph and Emily. We only see so far. And we all have our daddy's eyes. Looking back it's so bizarre. Dad rang the officer in charge. A man so large. He barely fit his circumstances. He said, "Two kids out on the street. Were picked up on the beat. And in the station". So there's me with Emily and Joe. Daddy driving home. All heading in the same direction. He knew no matter what the breaks. We'd make the same mistakes. Couldn't take his eyes of Joe and me. Looking back it's so bizarre. It runs in the family. All the things we are. On the backseat of the car. With Joseph and Emily. We only see so far. And we all have our daddy's eyes. Looking back it's so bizarre. It runs in the family. All the things we are. Looking back it's so bizarre. Like a dream within a dream. We're all somewhere in between. Like a drummer plays his drum. Like a father like a son. And your gonna have to face the music, oh yeah. Face the music. Hey hey. We keep it running in the family. Hey hey. We keep it coming in the family. Looking back it's so bizarre. It runs in the family. All the things we are. On the backseat of the car. With Joseph and Emily. We only see so far. 'Cause we all have our daddy's eyes. Looking back it's so bizarre, oh yeah. Running in the family. Running in the family. And we all have our daddy's eyes. Looking back it's so bizarre, oh yeah. Running in the familyLookin' out for love. In the night so still. Oh I'll build you a kingdom. In that house on the hill. Lookin' out for love, ah, ah ho. Big, big love, ahh ho. You said that you love me. And that you always will. Oh you begged me to keep you. In that house on the hill. Lookin' out for love, ah, ah ho. Big, big love, ahh ho. Woo, woo. Woo. Yeah, yeah. I wake up alone. With it all. I wake up. But only to fall. Lookin' out for love, ah ho. Big, big love, ahh ho. Lookin' out for love, ah, ah ho. Big, big love, ahh ho. Huu ha. Huu ha. Huu ha. Huu haee. Huu haee. Huu haee. Huu haee. Huu haee. Huu haee. Yeah. Woo, woo, woo. Woo, woo, woo. {Thank you all. You guys are great. Thanks}In a fleeting moment of a restless day. Driven to distraction. I was captured by the game. I have often wondered why I ever wanted to. Leave these scattered hours behind me. And speed myself to you. . I choose never to forget. I want our lips to kiss and our limbs to entwine. Let our bodies be twisted but never our minds. . Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. . Set to work idle hands. Shake these thoughts. Had I planned them they never would be teasing me. As viciously as these. . I would not have believed you. Had I never seen. Now you and I are intimately pictured. In my dreams. I could not forsake you or fall tumbling away. And if I live in wonderland. I'm better off this way. . I choose never to forget. I want our lips to kiss and our limbs to entwine. Let our bodies be twisted but never our minds. . Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. . Set to work idle hands. Shake these thoughts. Had I planned them they never would be teasing me. As viciously as these. . Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. . Is this love?. Is this love?. Is this love?. ...I'm on my way, I'm making it. I've got to make it show, yeah. yeah. It' so much larger than life. I'm gonna watch it growing. The place where I come from. Is a small town. They think so small. They use small words. But not me. In spite of that. I worked it out. I've been stretching my mouth. to let those big words come right out. I had enough. I'm getting out. To the city. The big, big city. I'll be your big noise. With all the big boys. (So much stuff I will own). And I will pray to a big god. as I kneel in the big church. (Big Time). I'm on my way, I'm making it. (Big Time). Uhh, yes. (Big Time). I've got to make it show, yeah. (Big Time). (Big Time). It's so much larger than life. (Big Time). I'm gonna watch it growing. (Big Time). My parties have all the big names. And I greet them with the widest smile. Tell them how my life. Is one big adventure. And always there amazed. And I showed them round my house to my bed. I had it made like a mountain range. With snow white pillows for my big fat head. And our heaven will be a big heaven. And I will walk through the front door. (Big Time). I'm on my way, I'm making it. (Big Time). (Big Time). I've got to make it show, yeah. (Big Time). (Big Time). It' so much larger than life. (Big Time). I'm gonna watch it growing. (Big Time). (Big Time). My cars gettin' bigger. (Big Time). My house gettin' bigger. (Big Time). My eyes gettin' bigger. (Big Time). And my mouth. (Big Time). My bed's gettin' bigger. (Big Time). And my bank account. (Big Time). Look at my circumstance. (Big Time). And I ... your not big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big...I'ts all the same.. Only the names will change, everyday. it seems were wasting away.. Another place, where the faces are so cold. I drive all night just to get back home.. I'm a cowboy. On a steel horse I ride. I'm wanted, dead or alive.. Wanted, dead or alive.. Somtimes I sleep, sometimes it's not for days.. Now people like me, must go their seperate ways.. Sometimes you'll tell the day, by the bottle that you drink.. Sometimes when your alone, all you do is think.. I'm a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride.. I'm wanted (wanted), dead or alive.. Wanted (wanted,) dead or alive.. I'm a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride.. I'm wanted (wanted), dead or alive.. Off these streets, a loaded six-string on my back. I play for keeps, 'cause I might not make it back.. I've been everywhere, standing tall. I've seen a million faces and I've rocked them all.. 'Cause I'm a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride.. I'm wanted (wanted) dead or alive.. 'Cause I'm a cowboy, I've got the night on my side.. I'm wanted (wanted) dead or alive.. Dead or alive.. Dead or alive.. Dead or alive.. Dead or alive.. Dead or alive.. Dead or alive.hI'll do anything. For my sweet sixteen. And I'll do anything. For little run away child. Gave my heart an engagement ring. She took everything. Everything I gave her. Oh, sweet sixteen. Built a moon. For a rocking chair. I never guessed it would. Rock her far from here. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Someone's built a candy castle. For my sweet sixteen. Someone's built a candy brain. And filled it in. Will do anything. For my sweet sixteen. Oh, I'll do anything. For little runaway child. Well, memories will burn you. Memories grow older as people can. They just get colder. Like sweet sixteen. Oh, I see it's clear. Baby, that you are. All through here. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Someone's built a candy castle. For my sweet sixteen. Someone's built a candy house. To house her in, oh oh. Someone's built a candy castle. For my sweet sixteen. Someone's built a candy brain. And filled it in. And I do anything. For my sweet sixteen. Oh, I do anything. For little run away girl.. Yeah, sad and lonely and blue. Yeah, gettin' over you. How, how do you think it feels? Yeah. To get up in the morning, get over you. Up in the morning, get over you. Wipe away the tears, get over you. Get over, get over. My sweet sixteen. Oh, runaway child. Oh, sweet sixteen. Little runaway girl. Gave my heart an engagement ring. She left everything. Everything I gave her. Sweet sixteen. Built a moon. For a rocking chair. Never guessed it would. Rock her far from here. Oh, oh, oh. Someone's built a candy castle. For my sweet sixteen. Someone's built a candy house. To house her in. Someone's built a candy castle. For my sweet sixteen. Someone's built a candy house. To house her in. And I'll do anything. For my sweet sixteen. Would do anything. There's the runaway child. Would do anything. For my sweet sixteen. I'll do anything. For little runaway girl. Little runaway girl. Sweet sixteen. Oh, sweet sixteen. OhLover, I'm on the street. Gonna go where the bright lights. And the big city meet. With a red guitar on fire. Desire. She's a candle. Burning in my room. I'm like the needle, needle and spoon. Over the counter with a shotgun. Pretty soon, everybody got one. And the fever when I'm beside her. Desire. Desire. And the fever getting higher. Desire, desire, burning, burning. She's the dollars, she's my protection. Yeah, she's a promise in the year of election. Oh sister, I can't let you go. Like a preacher. Stealing hearts at a traveling show. For love or money, money, money. And the fever getting higher. Desire, desire, desire, desire. Desire. DesireCome over here. All you've got is this moment. Twenty first century's yesterday. You can care all you want. Everybody does yea that's okay yea. So slide over here. And give me a moment. Your moves are so raw. I've got to let you know. I've got to let you know. You're one of my kind. I need you tonight. 'Cause I'm not sleepin'. There's somethin' about you girl. That makes me sweat. How do you feel?. (I'm lonely). What do you think?. (Can't take it all). Whatcha gonna do?. (Gonna live my life). So slide over here. And give me a moment. Your moves are so raw. I've got to let you know. I've got to let you know. You're one of my kind. Oh. I need you tonight. 'Cause I'm not sleepin'. There's somethin' about you girl. That makes me sweat. So how do you feel?. (I'm lonely). What do you think?. (Can't take it all). Whatcha gonna do?. (Gonna live my life). How do you feel?. (I'm lonely). What do you think?. (Can't take it all). Whatcha gonna do?. (Gonna live my life). So slide over here. And give me a moment. Your moves are so raw. I've got to let you know. I've got to let you know. So slide over here. And give me a moment. I've got to let you know. I've got to let you know. You're one of my kindOoh, baby, do you know what that's worth?. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. They say in heaven love comes first. We'll make heaven a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. When the night falls down. I wait for you and you come around. And the world's alive. With the sound of kids on the street outside. When you walk into the room. You pull me close and we start to move. And we're spinnin' with the stars above. And you lift me up in a wave of love. Ooh, baby, do you know what that's worth?. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. They say in heaven love comes first. We'll make heaven a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. When I feel alone. I reach for you and you bring me home. When I'm lost at sea. I hear your voice and it carries me. In this world we're just beginning. To understand the miracle of living. Baby, I was afraid before. But I'm not afraid anymore. Ooh, baby, do you know what that's worth?. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. They say in heaven love comes first. We'll make heaven a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. In this world we're just beginning. To understand the miracle of living. Baby, I was afraid before. But I'm not afraid anymore. Ooh, baby, do you know what that's worth?. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. They say in heaven love comes first. We'll make heaven a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earth. Ooh, heaven is a place on earthAruba, Jamaica ooo I wanna take you. Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama. Key Largo, Montego baby why don't we go. Jamaica. Off the Florida Keys. There's a place called Kokomo. That's where you wanna go to get away from it all. Bodies in the sand. Tropical drink melting in your hand. We'll be falling in love. To the rhythm of a steel drum band. Down in Kokomo. Aruba, Jamaica ooo I wanna take you. To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama. Key Largo, Montego baby why don't we go. Ooo I wanna take you down to Kokomo. We'll get there fast. And then we'll take it slow. That's where we wanna go. Way down to Kokomo. To Martinique, that Monserrat mystique. We'll put out to sea. And we'll perfect our chemistry. By and by we'll defy a little bit of gravity. Afternoon delight. Cocktails and moonlit nights. That dreamy look in your eye. Give me a tropical contact high. Way down in Kokomo. Aruba, Jamaica ooo I wanna take you. To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama. Key Largo, Montego baby why don't we go. Ooo I wanna take you down to Kokomo. We'll get there fast. And then we'll take it slow. That's where we wanna go. Way down to Kokomo. Port Au Prince I wanna catch a glimpse. Everybody knows. A little place like Kokomo. Now if you wanna go. And get away from it all. Go down to Kokomo. Aruba, Jamaica ooo I wanna take you. To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama. Key Largo, Montego baby why don't we go. Ooo I wanna take you down to Kokomo. We'll get there fast. And then we'll take it slow. That's where we wanna go. Way down to Kokomo. Aruba, Jamaica ooo I wanna take you. To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama. Key Largo, Montego baby why don't we go. Ooo I wanna take you down to KokomoI got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. But it's gonna take money. A whole lotta spending money. It's gonna take plenty of money. To do it right, child. It's gonna take time. A whole lot of precious time. It's gonna take patience and time, umm. To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it. To do it right, child. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. And this time I know it's for real. The feelings that I feel. I know if I put my mind to it. I know that I really can do it. I got my mind set on you. Set on you. I got my mind set on you. Set on you. But it's gonna take money. A whole lotta spending money. It's gonna take plenty of money. To do it right, child. It's gonna take time. A whole lot of precious time. It's gonna take patience and time, umm. To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it. To do it right child. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. I got my mind set on you. And this time I know it's for real. The feelings that I feel. I know if I put my mind to it. I know that I really can do it. But it's gonna take money. A whole lotta spending money. It's gonna take plenty of money. To do it right, child. It's gonna take time. A whole lot of precious time. It's gonna take patience and time, umm. To do it, to do it, to do it, to do it, to do it. To do it right. Set on you. Set on you. Set on you. Set on you. Set on you. Set on youOut where the river broke. The blood wood and the desert oak. Holden wrecks and boiling diesels. Steam in forty five degrees. The time has come. To say fair's fair. To pay the rent. To pay our share. The time has come. A fact's a fact. It belongs to them. Let's give it back. How can we dance when our earth is turning?. How do we sleep while our beds are burning?. How can we dance when our earth is turning?. How do we sleep while our beds are burning?. The time has come. To say fair's fair. To pay the rent, now. To pay our share. Four wheels scare the cockatoos. From Kintore East to Yuendemu. The western desert lives and breathes. In forty five degrees. The time has come. To say fair's fair. To pay the rent. To pay our share. The time has come. A fact's a fact. It belongs to them. Let's give it back. How can we dance when our earth is turning?. How do we sleep while our beds are burning?. How can we dance when our earth is turning?. How do we sleep while our beds are burning?. The time has come. To say fair's fair. To pay the rent, now. To pay our share. The time has come. A fact's a fact. It belongs to them. We're gonna give it back. How can we dance when our earth is turning?. How do we sleep while our beds are burning?Another night slowly closes in. And I feel so lonely. Touching heat freezing on my skin. I pretend you still hold me. I'm going crazy, I'm losing sleep. I'm in too far, I'm in way too deep over you. I can't believe you're gone. You were the first, you'll be the last. Wherever you go, I'll be with you. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you. Whenever you need someone. To lay your heart and head upon. Remember, after the fire, after all the rain. I will be the flame. I will be the flam. Watching shadows move across the wall. I feel so frightened. I wanna run to you, I wanna call. But I've been hit by lightning. Just can't stand up for fallin' apart. Can't see through this veil across my heart, over you. You'll always be the one. You were the first, you'll be the last. Wherever you go, I'll be with you. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you. Whenever you need someone. To lay your heart and head upon.. Remember, after the fire, after all the rain. I will be the flame. I will be the flame. I'm going crazy, I'm losing sleep. I'm in too far, I'm in way too deep over you. You'll always be the one. You were the first, you'll be the last. Wherever you go, I'll be with you. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you. Whenever you need someone. To lay your heart and head upon.. Remember, after the fire, after all the rain. I will be the flame. I will be the flame. Whatever you want, I'll give it to you. Wherever you go, I'll be with you. And whatever you want, I'll give it to youAs he came into the window. Was the sound of a Crescendo. He came into her apartment. He left the bloodstains on the carpet. She ran underneath the table. He could see she was unable. So she ran into the bedroom. She was struck down, it was her doom. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. (Annie, are you OK?). (Will you tell us that you're OK?). (There's a sign in the window). (That he struck you a Crescendo, Annie). (He came into your apartment). (He left the bloodstains on the carpet). (Then you ran into the bedroom). (You were struck down). (It was your doom.). Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. You've been hit by,. You've been hit by. A smooth criminal!. So they came into the outway. It was Sunday - what a black day. Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Sounding heartbeats - intimidations. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. (Annie, are you OK?). (Will you tell us that you're OK?). (There's a sign in the window). (That he struck you a Crescendo, Annie). (He came into your apartment). (He left the bloodstains on the carpet). (Then you ran into the bedroom). (You were struck down). (It was your doom.). Annie, are you OK?. So, Annie are you OK?. Are you OK, Annie?. You've been hit by,. You've been struck by. A smooth criminal!. Aaow!. (Okay, I want everybody to clear the area right now!). Aaow!. (Annie, are you OK?) (I don't know!). (Will you tell us, that you're OK?) (I don't know!). (There's a sign in the window) (I don't know!). (That he struck you a Crescendo, Annie) (I don't know!). (He came into your apartment) (I don't know!). (Left the bloodstains on the carpet) (I don't know why, baby!). (Then you ran into the bedroom) (I don't know!). (You were struck down). (It was your doom, Annie!). (Annie are you OK?) (Dang! Gone it, baby!). (Will you tell us, that you're OK?) (Dang! Gone it, baby!). (There's a sign in the window) (Dang! Gone it, baby!). (That he struck you a Crescendo, Annie). Hoo! Hoo!. (He came into your apartment) (Dang! Gone it!). (Left the bloodstains on the carpet). Hoo! Hoo! Hoo!. (Then you ran into the bedroom) (Dang! Gone It!). (You were struck down). (It was your doom, Annie!). Aaow!I've always said that one's enough to love. Now I hear you're bragging one is not enough. Something tells me you're not satisfied. You got plans to make me one of four or five. I guess this kind of thing's just in your blood. But you won't catch me carving up my love. I ain't no puzzle piece that needs to fit. If it takes more than me let's call it quits. 'Cause I don't wanna go on with you like that. Don't wanna be a feather in your cap. I just don't wanna tell you, honey, I ain't mad. But I don't wanna go on with you like that. Oh, oh, oh yeah. It gets so hard sometimes to understand. This vicious circle's getting out of hand. Don't need an extra eye to see. That the fire spreads a faster in the breeze. And I don't wanna go on with you like that. Don't wanna be a feather in your cap. Just don't wanna tell you, honey, I ain't mad. But I don't wanna go on with you like that. No I don't wanna go on with you like that. One more set of boots on your welcome mat. You'll just have to quit 'em if you want me back. 'Cause I don't wanna go on with you like that. Oh, oh, oh yeah. Oh, if you wanna spread it around, sister, that's just fine. But I don't want no second hand feeding me lines. If you wanna hold someone in the middle of the night. Call out the guards, turn out the light. And I don't wanna go on with you like that. Don't wanna be a feather in your cap. I just don't wanna tell you, honey, I ain't mad. But I don't wanna go on with you like that. No I don't wanna go on with you like that. One more set of boots on your welcome mat. You'll just have to quit 'em if you want me back. No I don't wanna go on with you like that. Oh, oh, oh yeah, oh, oh, oh yeah. I don't wanna, I don't wanna. I don't wanna go on with you like that, oh yeah. [Incomprehensible]I ain't got a fever, got a permanent disease. It'll take more than a doctor to prescribe a remedy. Awful lotta money, more than I need. Gonna take more than a shot to get this poison outta me. Hey, I got the symptoms, 1 2 and 3. . First you need, first you need. Then you bleed, then you bleed. On your knees, it's such a tease. This boy's addicted, your kiss is the drug. . Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is all I need. Your love is like bad medicine. There's no doctor to cure my disease. . I don't need no needle to be giving me a thrill. I don't need no anesthesia or a nurse to bring a pill. I got a dirty down addiction, Lord it doesn't leave a track. I got a jolt of some affection like a monkey on my back. Ain't no paramedic's gonna save this heart attack. . First you need, yeah you need. Then you bleed, I'm bleedin' all over. On your knees, aah baby please. This boy's addicted, your kiss is the drug. . Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is all I need. Your love is like bad medicine. There's no doctor to cure my disease. . Turn the respirator, I'm running out of breath. Your an all night generator in stockings and a dress. When you find your medicine you take what you can get. If there's something better baby, Lord they haven't found it yet. . Your love is like bad medicine. Bad medicine is all I need. Your love is like bad medicine. There's no doctor to cure my diseaseIf you've got love in your sites. Watch out, love bites. . When you make love, do you look in the mirror?. Who do you think of, does he look like me?. Do you tell lies and say that it's forever?. Do you think twice or just touch and see?. . Ooh babe, oh yeah. When you're alone, do you let go?. Are you wild and willin' or is it just for show?. Ooh, come on. . I don't wanna touch you too much baby. 'Cos making love to you might drive me crazy. I know you think that love is the way you make it. So I don't wanna be there when you decide to break it, no. . (Love bites, love bleeds). It's bringin' me to my knees. (Love lives, love dies). It's no surprise. (Love begs, love pleads). It's what I need. . When I'm with you, are you somewhere else?. Am I gettin' through or do you please yourself?. When you wake up, will you walk out?. It can't be love if you throw it about, ooh babe. . I don't wanna touch you too much baby. 'Cos makin' love to you might drive me crazy, oh. . (Love bites, love bleeds). It's bringin' me to my knees. (Love lives, love dies). It's no surprise. (Love begs, love pleads). It's what I need. . Oh yeah, I don't wanna touch you too much baby. 'Cos making love to you might drive me crazy. I know you think that love is the way you make it. So I don't wanna be there when you decide to break it, no. . (Love bites, love bleeds). It's bringin' me to my knees. (Love lives, love dies). . (Love bites, love bleeds). It's bringin' me to my knees. (Love lives, love dies). It's no surprise. (Love begs, love pleads). It's what I need. . If you've got love in your sights. Watch out, love bitesIM NIN'ALU. DAL THAE NA DI VIM. DAL THAE MA ROM. LO NIN'ALU. JA JA JA JA. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. EL HI. EL HI. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. EL HI. JA JA JAL JAL. YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU. LIKE NO OTHER. LIKE NO OTHER. IN MY PRAYER. HO YAT SHA HAM RO SE WA SOHVIM. MI YOM BA RI OH NICH LA LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. EL HI. IM NIN'ALU. TAKE ME AWAY I NEED YOUR HELP. SOMEBODY CRIES WITHIN THE HERD. OH...MY GOD I NEED YOUR HELP. UBE SHESH KA NO FA YIM SA VIVIM. OFIM BE ET YIT GALJA LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. I'M NIN'ALU LU LU. EL HI. IM NIN'ALU. DAL THAE NA DI VIM. DAL THAE MA ROM. LO NIN'ALULive baby live. Now that the day is over. I got a new sensation. In perfect moments. There's Impossible to refuse. Sleep baby sleep. Now that the night is over. And the sun comes like a God. Into our room. All perfect light and promises. Gotta hold on you. A new sensation. New sensation. Right now. Gonna take you over. A new sensation. A new sensation. Dream baby dream. Of all that's come and going. And you will find out in the end. There really is. There really is no difference. Cry baby cry. When you've got to get it out. I'll be your shoulder. You can tell me all, don't keep it in you. Well that's the reason why I'm here. Are you ready for. A new sensation?. A new sensation?. Right now. Gonna take you on. A new sensation. A new sensation. A new sensation. New sensation. A new sensation. Hate baby hate. When there's nothing left for you. You're only human, what can you do?. It'll soon be over. Don't let your pain take over you. Love baby love. It's written all over your face. There's something better we could do. Than live forever. Well that's all we've got to do. Hey now, I'm gonna take. A new sensation. A new sensation. Right now. Gotta hold on you. A new sensation. A new sensation. A new sensation. A new sensation. A new sensationHere comes the woman, with the look in her eye. Raised on leather, with flesh on her mind. Words as weapons, sharper than knives. Makes you wonder, how the other half die? Other half die. Makes you wonder, wonder, wonder. Here come the man, with the look in his eye. Fed on nothing, but full of pride. Look at them go, look at them kick. Makes you wonder, how the other half live. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. Here come the world, with the look in its eye. Future uncertain, but certainly slight. Look at the faces, listen to the bells. It's hard to believe we need a place called hell, place called hell. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. Here comes the woman, with the look in her eye. Raised on leather, with flesh on her mind. Words as weapons sharper than knives. Makes you wonder, how the other half die. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, the devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, devil inside. Every single one of us the devil inside. The devil inside, yeah, yeah, yeah. The devil inside, yeah, yeah, yeahStep inside, walk this way. You and me babe, hey hey!. Love is like a bomb, baby, c'mon get it on. Livin' like a lover with a radar phone. Lookin' like a tramp, like a video vamp. Demolition woman, can I be your man?. (Your man, hey, hey!). Razzle 'n' a dazzle 'n' a flash a little light. Television lover, baby, go all night. Sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet. Little miss innocent sugar me, yeah. Come on! Take a bottle, shake it up. Break the bubble, break it up. Pour some sugar on me, ooh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me, c'mon fire me up. Pour your sugar on me, I can't get enough. I'm hot, sticky sweet from my head to my feet, yeah. Listen, red light, yellow light, green light, go. Crazy little woman in a one man show. Mirror queen, mannequin, rhythm of love. Sweet dream, saccharine, loosen up. (Loosen up). I loosen up. You gotta squeeze a little, squeeze a little, tease a little more. Easy operator come a-knockin' on my door. Sometime, anytime, sugar me sweet. Little miss innocent sugar me, yeah yeah. Give a little more. Take a bottle, shake it up. Break the bubble, break it up. Pour some sugar on me, ooh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me, c'mon fire me up. Pour your sugar on me, oh, I can't get enough. I'm hot, sticky sweet from my head to my feet, yeah. You got the peaches, I got the cream. Sweet to taste, saccharine. 'Cause I'm hot, so hot, sticky sweet. (Hot!). From my head, my head to my feet. (Head!). Do you take sugar, one lump or two?. Take a bottle, take a bottle. Shake it up, shake it up. Break the bubble, break it up. Break it up. Pour some sugar on me, ooh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me, c'mon fire me up. Pour your sugar on me, oh, I can't get enough. Pour some sugar on me, oh, in the name of love. Pour some sugar on me, get it, come get it. Pour your sugar on me, ooh. Pour some sugar on me, yeah. Sugar meWhen I'm with you, I shake inside. My heart's all tangled up. My tongue is tied. It's crazy. Can't walk; can't talk. Can't eat; can't sleep. Oh I'm in love. Oh I'm in deep. 'Cause baby. With a kiss you can strip me defenseless. With a touch I completely lose control. All that's left of my strength is a memory. Whoa.... I get weak when I look at you. Weak - when we touch. I can't speak when I look in your eyes. I get weak when you're next to me. Weak - from this love. I can't speak when I look in your eyes. I get weak. I get weak. Romantic eyes, persuasive lips. The helpless heart just can't resist their power. You know you've got a hold of me. You know you've got me where I want to be. 'Cause lover. Like a wave you keep pulling me under. How I'll ever get out of this, I don't know. I just know that there's no way to fight it. Whoa.... I get weak when I look at you. Weak - when we touch. I can't speak when I look in your eyes. I get weak when you're next to me. Weak - from this love. I'm in deep when I look in your eyes. I get weak. I get weak!. I get weak!. Just a kiss you can strip me defenseless. Just a touch I completely lose control. All that's left of my strength is a memory. Woah.... I get weak when I look at you. Weak - when we touch. I can't speak when I look in your eyes. I get weak when you're next to me. Weak - from this love. I can't speak when I look in your eyes. I get weak when you're next to me. Weak - from this love. I can't speak when I look in your eyesAs I watch you move. Across the moonlit room. There's so much tenderness in your loving. Tomorrow I must leave. The dawn knows no reprieve. God, give me strength when I am leaving. So raise your hands to heaven and pray. That we'll be back together someday. Tonight I need your sweet caress. Hold me in the darkness. Tonight you calm my restlessness. You relieve my sadness. As we move to embrace tears run down your face. I whisper words of love so softly. I can't believe this pain. It's driving me insane. Without your touch life will be lonely. So raise your hands to heaven and pray. That we'll be back together someday. Tonight I need your sweet caress. Hold me in the darkness. Tonight you calm my restlessness. You relieve my sadness. Tonight I need your sweet caress. Hold me in the darkness. Tonight you calm my restlessness. You relieve my sadness. Morning has come another day. I must pack my bags and say goodbye, goodbye.... Tonight I need your sweet caress. Hold me in the darkness. Tonight you calm my restlessness. You relieve my sadness. Tonight I need your sweet caress. Hold me in the darkness. Tonight you calm my restlessness. You relieve my sadness...Don't ask me. What you know is true. Don't have to tell you. I love your precious heart. I, I was standing. You were there. Two worlds collided. And they could never tear us apart. We could live. For a thousand years. But if I hurt you. I'd make wine from your tears. I told you. That we could fly. 'Cause we all have wings. But some of us don't know why. I, I was standing. You were there. Two worlds collided. And they could never, ever tear us apart.   (I don't ask me). I, I was standing.   (You know it's true). You were there.   (Worlds collided). Two worlds collided.   (We're shining through). And they could never tear us apart.   (You don't ask me). You, you were standing.   (You know it's true). I was there.   (Worlds collided). Two worlds collided.   (We're shining through). And they could never tear us apart. I, I was standingKeep on walkin' that road and I'll follow. Keep on callin' my name, I'll be there. And if a mirror should break, it's easy to take. Deep down I know that you care. Well, I'm not superstitious, no, ooh. I'm not superstitious, I have no doubt. That there's a reason, how things turn out. While things are changin' from day to day. Well, I'll keep this feelin' with me all the way. And I want you to know. That you're on my mind. Every day, all of the time. So, keep on walkin' that road and I'll follow. Keep on callin' my name, I'll be there, yeah. And if a mirror should break, it's easy to take. Deep down I know that you care. Well, I'm not superstitious, no, ooh. There might be times of wonder when I'm on my own. Tryin' to find out if love has gone. It might make a difference, it might bring me down. But no superstition is gonna turn things around. And I want you to know. That you're on my mind. Every day, all of the time. So, keep on walkin' that road and I'll follow. Keep on callin' my name, I'll be there, yeah. And if a mirror should break, it's easy to take. Deep down I know that you care. Well, I'm not superstitious, no, no. So keep on walkin' and we'll make things right. Yeah, keep on dreamin', each and every night. We're gonna make it, and that's what we'll do. Right to the end, girl, we're gonna walk on, walk on through. So, keep on walkin' that road and I'll follow. Keep on callin' my name, I'll be there, yeah. And if a mirror should break, it's easy to take. Deep down I know, I know that you care. So, keep on walkin' that road and I'll follow, yeah. Keep on callin' my name, I'll be there. And if a mirror should break, it's easy to take. Deep down I know that you care. Well, I'm not superstitious, no, not superstitiousEverybody's looking for a perfect world. Where you could have everything your heart desires. A perfect boy will meet a perfect girl. And the perfect love will set the world on fire. Well, what you gonna do when one and one makes three?. And a vision of the future is impossible to see. Nobody's perfect, not even a perfect fool. But if you'll have faith in me I'll keep faith in you. Ain't no livin' in a perfect world. There ain't no perfect world anyway. Ain't no livin' in a perfect world. But we'll keep on dreamin' of livin' in a perfect world. Keep on dreamin' of livin' in a perfect world. Everybody's got secrets, now you know that it's true. They talk about me and they'll talk about you. Something happens to the pledges of trust. Down through the years they begin to rust. Now here we are amid the tears and the laughter. Still waiting for our happily ever after. We'll keep on dreamin' as long as we can. Try to remember and you'll understand. Ain't no livin' in a perfect world. There ain't no perfect world anyway. Ain't no livin' in a perfect world. But we'll keep on dreamin' of livin' in a perfect world. Keep on dreamin' of livin' in a perfect worldGive me time to care. The moment's here for us to share. Still my heart is not always there. What more can I say to you?. Could I lie to you?. I'm just too weak to face the truth. Now I know, I should make a move. What more can I say?. How can I fall? How can I fall?. When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasons at all. When all faith is gone. I fight myself to carry on. Yet I know of the harm I do. What more can I say to you?. Now I hold this line. I know the choice to leave is mine. I can't help what I feel inside. What more can I say?. How can I fall? How can I fall?. (How can I fall?). When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasons at all. I'll follow through, I'll see I do. When the time is far more right for you. I'll make that move and when I do. Will I doubt again the way I do?. How can I fall? How can I fall?. (How can I fall?). When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasons at all. How can I fall? How can I fall?. (How can I fall?). When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasons. How can I fall? How can I fall?. (How can I fall?). When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasons. Just won't give me reasons. Just won't give me reasons at all. How can I fall? I fall, I fall. How can I fall for you?. How can I fall? How can I fall?. (How can I fall?). When you just won't give me reasons. When you just won't give me reasonsI don't drink coffee, I'll take tea my dear. I like my toast done on one side. As you can hear it in my accent when I talk. I'm an Englishman in New York. See me walking down Fifth Avenue. A walking cane here at my side. I take it everywhere I walk. I'm an Englishman in New York. I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien. I'm an Englishman in New York. I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien. I'm an Englishman in New York. If 'Manners maketh man' as someone said. He's our hero of the day. It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile. Be yourself no matter what they say. I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien. I'm an Englishman in New York. I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien. I'm an Englishman in New York. Modesty, propriety can lead to notoriety. You could end up as the only one. Gentleness, sobriety are rare in this society. At night a candle's brighter than the sun. Takes more than combat gear to make a man. It takes more than license for a gun. Confront your enemies, avoid them when you can. A gentleman will walk but never run. The 'Manners maketh man' as someone said. He's our hero of the day. It takes a man to suffer ignorance and smile. Be yourself no matter what they say. Be yourself no matter what they say. Be yourself no matter what they say. Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an Englishman in New York). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an Englishman in New York). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an Englishman in New York). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an alien, I'm a legal alien). Be yourself no matter what they say.   (I'm an Englishman in New York)If you need a friend. Don't look to a stranger. You know in the end. I'll always be there. And when you're in doubt. And when you're in danger. Take a look all around. And I'll be there. I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say.   (I promise you). I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be.   (I promise you). But if you wait around a while I'll make you fall for me.   (I promise you). I promise, I promise you, I will. When your day is through. And so is your temper. You know what to do. I'm gonna always be there. Sometimes if I shout. It's not what's intended. These words just come out. With no cross to bear. I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say.   (I promise you). I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be.   (I promise you). But if you wait around a while I'll make you fall for me.   (I promise you). I promise, I promise you. I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say.   (I promise you). I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be.   (I promise you). And if I had to walk the world I'd make you fall for me. I promise you, I promise you I will. Gotta tell you. Need to tell you. Gotta tell you. I've gotta tell you. I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say.   (I promise you). I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be.   (I promise you). But if you wait around a while I'll make you fall for me.   (I promise you). I promise, I promise you. I'm sorry but I'm just thinking of the right words to say.   (I promise you). I know they don't sound the way I planned them to be.   (I promise you). And if I had to walk the world I'd make you fall for me. I promise you, I promise you I will. I will, I willMay the good Lord be with you, down every road you roam. And may sunshine and happiness surround you when you're far from home. And may you grow to be proud dignified and true. And do unto others as you'd have done to you. Be courageous and be brave and in my heart you'll always stay. . Forever young. Forever young. . May good fortune be with you, may your guiding light be strong. Build a stairway to heaven with a prince or a vagabond. And may you never love in vain and in my heart you will always remain. . Forever young. Forever young. . Forever young. Forever young. Forever young. . And when you finally fly away, I'll be hoping that I served you well. For all the wisdom of a lifetime no one can ever tell. But whatever road you choose, I'm right behind you, win or lose. . Forever young. Forever young. . Forever young. Forever young. ...Close your eyes, give me your hand, darlin'. Do you feel my heart beating. Do you understand. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming. Is this burning an eternal flame. I believe it's meant to be, darlin'. I watch you when you are sleeping. You belong with me. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming. Or is this burning an eternal flame. Say my name. Sun shines through the rain. A whole life so lonely. And then come and ease the pain. I don't want to lose this feeling, oh. Say my name. Sun shines through the rain. A whole life so lonely. And then come and ease the pain. I don't want to lose this feeling, oh. Close your eyes, give me your hand. Do you feel my heart beating. Do you understand. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming. Or is this burning an eternal flame. Close your eyes, give me your hand, darlin'. Do you feel my heart beating. Do you understand. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming. Is this burning an eternal flame. Close your eyes, give me your hand, darlin'. Do you feel my heart beating. Do you understand. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming, ah. An eternal flame. Close your eyes, give me your hand, darlin'. Do you feel my heart beating. Do you understand. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming, ah. Is this burning an eternal flame. Close your eyes, give me your hand, darlin'Harry Truman, Doris Day, Red China, Johnnie Ray. South Pacific, Walter Winchell, Joe DiMaggio. Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television. North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe. Rosenbergs, H-bomb, Sugar Ray, Panmunjom. Brando, "The King and I" and "The Catcher in the Rye". Eisenhower, vaccine, England's got a new queen. Marciano, Liberace, Santayana goodbye. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. Joseph Stalin, Malenkov, Nasser and Prokofiev. Rockefeller, Campanella, Communist Bloc. Roy Cohn, Juan Peron, Toscanini, dacron. Dien Bien Phu falls, "Rock Around the Clock". Einstein, James Dean, Brooklyn's got a winning team. Davy Crockett, Peter Pan, Elvis Presley, Disneyland. Bardot, Budapest, Alabama, Krushchev. Princess Grace, "Peyton Place", trouble in the Suez. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. Little Rock, Pasternak, Mickey Mantle, Kerouac. Sputnik, Chou En-Lai, "Bridge on the River Kwai". Lebanon, Charlse de Gaulle, California baseball. Starkweather, homicide, children of thalidomide. Buddy Holly, "Ben Hur", space monkey, Mafia. Hula hoops, Castro, Edsel is a no-go. U-2, Syngman Rhee, payola and Kennedy. Chubby Checker, "Psycho", Belgians in the Congo. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. Hemingway, Eichmann, "Stranger in a Strange Land". Dylan, Berlin, Bay of Pigs invasion. "Lawrence of Arabia", British Beatlemania. Ole Miss, John Glenn, Liston beats Patterson. Pope Paul, Malcolm X, British politician sex. JFK, blown away, what else do I have to say. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. Birth control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again. Moonshot, Woodstock, Watergate, punk rock. Begin, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline. Ayatollah's in Iran, Russians in Afghanistan. "Wheel of Fortune", Sally Ride, heavy metal, suicide. Foreign debts, homeless vets, AIDS, crack, Bernie Goetz. Hypodermics on the shores, China's under martial law. Rock and roller cola wars, I can't take it anymore. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. But when we are gone. Will it still burn on, and on, and on, and on.... We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight it. We didn't start the fire. It was always burning since the world's been turning. We didn't start the fire. No we didn't light it but we tried to fight itWhen you called me up this morning. Told me 'bout the new love you found. I said, "I'm happy for you. I'm really happy for you". Found someone else. I guess I won't be coming 'round. I guess it's over, baby. It's really over, baby. And from what you said, I know you've gotten over me. It'll never be the way it used to be. So if it's gotta be this way. Don't worry, baby, I can take the news okay. But if you see me walking by. And the tears are in my eyes. Look away, baby, look away. And if we meet on the streets someday. And I don't know what to say. Look away, baby, look away. Don't look at me. I don't want you to see me this way. When we both agreed as lovers. We were better off as friends. That's how it had to be. Yeah, that's how it had to be. I tell you I'm fine. But sometimes I just pretend. Wish you were holding me. Wish you were still holding me. I just never thought that I would be replaced so soon. I wasn't prepared to hear those words from you. I know I wanted to be free. Yeah, baby, this is how we wanted it to be. But if you see me walking by. And the tears are in my eyes. Look away, baby, look away. And if we meet on the streets someday. And I don't know what to say. Look away, baby, look away. Don't look at me. I don't want you to see me this way. If you see me walking by. And the tears are in my eyes. Look away, baby, look away. And if we meet on the streets someday. And I don't know what to say. Look away, baby, look away. Don't look at me. I don't want you to see me this way. If you see me walking by. And the tears are in my eyes. Look away, baby, look away. Don't look at me. I don't want you to see me this way. When you called me up this morning. Told me 'bout the new love you found. I said "I'm happy for you. I'm really happy for you"Let's do it. Workin' all week. 9 to 5 for my money. So when the weekend comes. I go get live with the honey. Rollin' down the street. I saw this girl and she was pumpin'. I winked my eye, she got into the ride. Went to a club was jumpin'. Introduce myself as Loc. She said, "You're a liar". I said, "I got it goin' on baby doll. And I'm on fire". Took her to the hotel she said. "You're the king". I said, "Be my queen if you know what I mean. And let us do the wild thing. Wild thing. Wild thing. Shoppin' at the mall. Looking for some gear to buy. I saw this girl she cool rocked my world. And I had to adjust my fly. She looked at me and smiled and said. "You have plans for the night". I said, "Hopefully if things go. Well, I'll be with you tonight". So we journeyed to her house. One thing led to an other. I keyed the door, I cold hit the floor. Looked up and it was her mother. I didn't know what to say. I was hanging by a string. She said, "Hey, you two, I was once like you. And I liked to do the wild thing". Wild thing. She loved to do the wild thing. Wild thing. Please, baby, baby, please. Posse in effect. Hangin' out is always hype. And when me and the crew leave the shindig. I want a girl who's just my type. Saw this luscious little frame. I ain't lyin' fellas she was fine. The sweet young miss go gave me a kiss. And I knew that she was mine. Took her to the limousine. Still parked outside. I tipped the chauffeur when it was over. And I gave her my own ride. Couldn't get her off my jack. She was like static cling. But that's what happens. When body start slappin' from doin' the wild thing. Wild thing. She wanna do the wild thing. Please, baby, baby, please. Wild thing. Doin' a little show at the local discotheque. This fine youg chick was on my jack so I say what the heck. She want to come on stage and do her little dance. So I said, "Chill for now but maybe later, you'll get your chance". So when the show was finished I took her around the way. And what do you know she was good to go without a word to say. We was all alone and she said, "Tone, let me tell you one thing. I need Dollar 50 to make you holler, I get paid to do the wild thing". Say what. Yo love you must be kidding. You're walkin' babe. Just break out of here. Hasta la vista baby. Wild thingIt was a cold and wet December day. When we touched the ground at JFK. Snow was melting on the ground. On BLS I heard the sound of an angel. New York like a Christmas tree. Tonight this city belongs to me. Angel. Soul love. This love won't let me go. So long. Angel of Harlem. Birdland on fifty-three. The street sounds like a symphony. We got John Coltrane and 'A Love Supreme'. Miles, and she's got to be an angel. Lady Day got diamond eyes. She sees the truth behind the lies. Angel. Soul love. This love won't let me go. So long. Angel of Harlem. Angel of Harlem, yeah. She says it's heart. Heart and soul. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right now. Blue light on the avenue. God knows they got to you. An empty glass, the lady sings. Eyes swollen like a bee sting. Blinded you lost your way. Through the side streets and the alleyway. Like a star exploding in the night. Falling to the city in broad daylight. An angel in Devil's shoes. Salvation in the blues. You never looked like an angel. Yeah, yeah, Angel of Harlem. Angel. Angel of Harlem. Angel. Angel of Harlem. Angel. Angel of Harlem. Angel. Angel of Harlem. All right, that's all right, that's all rightEvery time I look into your lovely eyes. I see a love that money just can't buy. One look from you, I drift away. I pray that you are here to stay. Anything you want, you got it. Anything you need, you got it. Anything at all, you got it, baby. Every time I hold you, I begin to understand. Everything about you tells me I'm your man. And I live my life to be with you. No one can do the things you do. Anything you want, you got it. Anything you need, you got it. Anything at all, you got it, baby. Anything you want. (You got it). Anything you need. (You got it). Anything at all. (You got it). And I'm glad to give my love to you. I know you feel the way I do. Anything you want, you got it. Anything you need, you got it. Anything at all, you got it, baby. Anything you want, you got it. Anything you need, you got it. Anything at all, you got it, baby. Anything at all. (You got it). Baby, you got itButton your lip baby. Button your coat. Let's go out dancing. Go for the throat. Let's bury the hatchet. Wipe out the past. Mae love together. Stay on the path. You're not the only one. With mixed emotions. You're not the only ship. Adrift on this ocean. This coming and going. Is driving me nuts. This to-ing and fro-ing. Is hurting my guts. So get off the fence. It's creasing your butt. LIfe is a party. Let's get out and strut. You're not the only one. That's feeling lonesome. You're not the only one. With mixed emotions. You're not the only one. You're not the only one. You're not the only one. You're not the only one. Let's grab the world. By the scruff of the neck. And drink it down deeply. Let's love it to death. So button your lip. And button your coat. Let's go out dancing. Let's rock 'n' roll. You're not the only one. With mixed emotions. You're not the only ship. Adrift on this ocean. You're not the only one. That's feeling lonesome. You're not the only one. With mixed emotionsSometimes I wonder. How I'd ever make it through. Through this world without having you. I just wouldn't have a clue. 'Cause sometimes it seems. Like this world's closing in on me. And there's no way of breaking free. And then I see you reach for me. Sometimes I wanna give up. I wanna give in. I wanna quit the fight. And then I see you, baby. And everything's alright. Everything's alright. When I see you smile. I can face the world, oh oh. You know I can do anything. When I see you smile. I see a ray of light, oh oh. I see it shining right through the rain. When I see you smile. Baby, when I see you smile at me, oh yeah. Baby, there's nothing in this world. That could ever do. What a touch of your hand can do. It's like nothing that I ever knew. And when the rain is falling, I don't feel it. 'Cause you're here with me now. And one look at you, baby. Is all I'll ever need, is all I'll ever need. When I see you smile. I can face the world, oh oh. You know I can do anything. When I see you smile. I see a ray of light, oh oh. I see it shining right through the rain. When I see you smile, baby. Baby, when I see you smile at me. Sometimes I wanna give up. I wanna give in. I wanna quit the fight. Then one look at you, baby. And everything's alright. Everything's alright, so right. When I see you smile. I can face the world, oh oh. You know I can do anything, yeah. When I see you smile. I see a ray of light, oh oh. I see it shining right through the rain, yeah. When I see you smile. Yeah, I can face the world, oh oh. You know I can do anything. When I see you smile, oh yeah. Baby, when I see you smile. Smile at meYour cruel deep eyes. Your blood, like ice. One look, could kill. My pain, your thrill. I wanna love you but I better not touch. (Don't touch). I wanna hold you, but my senses tell me to stop. I wanna kiss you but I want it too much. (Too much). I wanna taste you but your lips are venomous poison. You're poison running through my veins. You're poison, I don't wanna break these chains. Your mouth, so hot. Your web, I'm caught. Your skin, so wet. Black lace, on sweat. I hear you calling and it's needles and pins. (And pins). I wanna hurt you just to hear you screaming my name. Don't wanna touch you but you're under my skin. (Deep in). I wanna kiss you but your lips are venomous poison. You're poison running through my veins. You're poison, I don't wanna break these chains. Poison. One look, could kill. My pain, your thrill. I wanna love you but I better not touch. (Don't touch). I wanna hold you, but my senses tell me to stop. I wanna kiss you but I want it too much. (Too much). I wanna taste you but your lips are venomous poison. You're poison, running through my veins. You're poison, I don't wanna break these chains. Poison.   (Poison). I wanna love you but I better not touch. (Don't touch). I wanna hold you, but my senses tell me to stop. I wanna kiss you but I want it too much. (Too much). I wanna taste you but your lips are venomous poison, yeah. Well I don't wanna break these chains. Poison.   (Poison). Runnin' deep inside my veins. Burnin' deep inside my brain.   (Poison). Poison.   (Poison). I don't wanna break these chains.   (Poison, poison). Poison.   (Poison)Hey, kids, rock and roll. Rock on, ooh, my soul. Hey, kids boogie too, did you. Hey, shout, summertime blues. Jump up and down. In my blue suede shoes. Hey, kids, rock and roll, rock on. And where do we go from here. Which is the way that's clear. Still looking for that. Blue jean baby queen. Prettiest girl I've ever seen. See her shake on the movie screen. Jimmy Dean. And where do we go from here. Which is the way that's clear. Still looking for that. Blue jean baby queen. Prettiest girl I've ever seen. See her shake on the movie screen. Jimmy Dean (James Dean). Jimmy Dean, rock on. Rock on, rock on. Rock on, rock on. Hey, kids, rock and roll. Rock on, rock on. Hey, shout, summertime blues. Rock on, rock on. Hey, kids, boogie too. Rock on, rock on. Hey, kids, rock and roll. Rock on, rock on. Hey, kids, boogie too. Rock onI can't remember anything. Can't tell if this is true or dream. Deep down inside, I feel the scream. This terrible silence stops with me. . Now that the war is through with me. I'm waking up, I cannot see. That there's not much left to me. Nothing is real but pain now. . Hold my breath as I wish for death. Oh, please God, wake me. . Back in the womb, it's much to real. In pumps life that I must feel. But can't look forward to reveal. Look to the time when I lived. . Fed through the tube that sticks in me. Just like a war time novelty. Tied to machines that make me be. Cut this shit off from me. . Hold my breath as I wish for death. Oh, please God, wake me. Please God, wake me. . Now the world is gone, I'm just one. Oh, God, help me. Hold my breath as I wish for death. Oh, please God, help me, help me. . Darkness imprisoning me. All that I see absolute horror. I cannot live, I cannot die. Trapped in myself. Body, my holding cell. . Land mine has taken my sight. Taken my speech, taken my hearing. Taken my arms, taken my legs. Taken my soul. Leaving me with a life in Hell. . Oh, please God, help me. Help meWe both lie silently still in the dead of the night. Although we both lie close together. We feel miles apart, inside. Was it somethin' I said or something I did. Did my words not come out right??. Tho' I tried not to hurt you. Tho' I tried. But I guess that's why they say. Every rose has its thorn. Just like every night has its dawn. Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song. Every rose has its thorn. Yea it does. I listen to our favorite song playin' on the radio. Hear the dj say love's a game of. Easy come and easy go. But I wonder does he know. Has he ever felt like this. And I know that you'd be here right now. If I could have let you know somehow I guess. Every rose has its thorn. Just like every night has its dawn. Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song. Every rose has its thorn. Though it's been a while now. I can still feel so much pain. Like the knife that cuts you the wound heals. But the scar, that scar remains.. I know I could have saved our love that night. If I'd know what to say. Instead of making love. We both made our separate ways. Now I hear you've found somebody new. And that I never meant that much to you. To hear that tears me up inside. And to see you cuts me like a knife, i guess. Every rose has its thorn. Just like every night has its dawn. Just like every cowboy sings his sad, sad song. Every rose has its thornI said I would get over you. Now I'm here out on my own. Trying to live my life. And now you wanna come back. But I don't need no brand new lies, listen up. I want a love that's serious. No time to play love games. I don't wanna be nobodys fool. So if you wanna be with me. You gotta give it up. Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real love. All my friends are telling me. I should give you another try. But I don't need opinions. To deal with what I have on my mind, listen up. I want a love that's serious. No time to play love games. I don't wanna be nobodys fool. So if you wanna be with me. You gotta give it up. Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real love. Real love. Oh, oh, ah. Oh, oh, ah. Oh, oh, ah.   (Oh, yeah). Oh, oh, ah. Oh, oh, ah. Oh, oh, ah. Oh, oh, ah. (Give it up). Oh, oh, ah. Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real love. Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real love. Real love. Ow, ow, ow. Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real love. Real love. Real love. (Yeah). Real love. (Got to give real love). Real love. Real love. Real love. (Huh, uh uh). Real love.   (I don't need opinions). (Don't need your advice). Real love. (Got to give real love). Real love. I know I wanna have one. Real love. Gonna try and get some. Real love. Everybody needs one. Real love. Got to have real loveRainy night and we worked all day. We both got jobs 'cause there's bills to pay. We got something they can't take away. Our love, our lives. Close the door, leave the cold outside. I don't need nothing when I'm by your side. 'Cause we got something that'll never die. Our dreams, our pride. My heart beats like a drum. Flesh to flesh, one to one. And I'll never let go. Something I know deep inside. You were born to be my baby. I was made to be your man. We got something to believe in. Even if we don't know where we stand. Only God knows the reason. He must have had a plan. 'Cause you were born to be my baby. And I was made to be your man. Light a candle, blow the world away. Table for two on a TV tray. Nothin' ain't fancy, but that's okay. Our time, our way. Hold me close baby, hang on tight. Buckle your seats for a bumpy ride. We're two kids hitching this road of life. Our world, our fights. Stand by my side. There's a chance we'll get by. And I'll know that you'll be live. In my heart till the day that I die. You were born to be my baby. And I was made to be your man. We got something to believe in. Even if we don't know where we stand. Only God knows the reason. Oh, He must have had a plan. 'Cause you were born to be my baby. I was made to be your man. My heart beats like a drum. Flesh to flesh, one on one. And I'll never let go. Something I know deep inside. You were born to be my baby. I was made to be your man. We've got something to believe in. Even if we don't know where we stand. Only God knows the reason. Oh, He must have had a plan. 'Cause you were born to be my baby. And I was made to be your manWorkin' like a dog for the boss man. Workin' for the company. I'm bettin' on the dice I'm tossin'. I'm gonna have a fantasy. But where am I gonna look?. They tell me that love is blind. I really need a girl like an open book. To read between the lines. Love in an elevator. Livin' it up when I'm goin' down. Love in an elevator. Lovin' it up till I hit the ground. Jacki's in the elevator. Lingerie second floor. She said 'can I see you later. And love you just a little more?'. I kinda hope we get stuck. Nobody gets out alive. She said I'll show ya how to fax in the mail room. Honey and have you home by five. Love in an elevator. Livin' it up when I'm goin' down. Love in an elevator. Lovin' it up till I hit the ground. In the air, in the air, honey one more time not, it ain't fair. Love in an elevator. Lovin' it up when I'm goin' down. Love in an. Elevator. Goin' down. Gonna be a penthouse pauper. Gonna be a millionaire. I'm gonna be a real fast talker. And have me a love affair. Gotta get my timin' right. It's a test that I gotta pass. I'll chase you all the way to the stairway honey. Kiss your sassafras. Do you care? Do you care?. Honey one more time now it ain't fair. Love in an elevator. Livin' it up when I'm goin' downRemember when the days were long. And rolled beneath a deep blue sky?. Didn't have a care in the world. With mommy and daddy standing by. When happily ever after fails. And we've been poisoned by these fairy tales. The lawyers dwell on small details. Since daddy had to fly. Aah, but I know a place where we can go. That's still untouched by men. We'll sit and watch the clouds roll by. And the tall grass waves in the wind. And you can lay your head back on the ground. And let your hair fall all around me. Offer up your best defense but this is the end. This is the end of the innocence. Oh, beautiful for spacious skies. But now those skies are threatening. They're beating plowshares into swords. For this tired old man that we elected king. Armchair warriors often fail. And we've been poisoned by these fairy tales. The lawyers clean up all details. Since daddy had to lie. Aah, but I know a place where we can go. And wash away this sin. We'll sit and watch the clouds roll by. And the tall grass waves in the wind. Just lay your head back on the ground. And let your hair spill all around me. Offer up your best defense but this is the end. This is the end of the innocence. Who knows how long this will last. Now we've come so far, so fast. But somewhere back there in the dust. That same small town in each of us. I need to remember this. So baby, give me just one kiss. And let me take a long last look. Before we say goodbye. Just lay your head back on the ground. And let your hair fall all around me. Offer up your best defense, this is the end. This is the end of the innocenceTake my hand, tell me what you are feeling. Understand this is just the beginning. Although I have to go, it makes me feel like crying. I don't know when I'll see you again. Darling leave a light on for me, I'll be there before you close the door. To give you all the love that you need. Darling leave a light on for me, 'cause when the world takes me away. You are still the air that I breathe. I can't explain, I don't know just how far I have to go. But darling I'll keep the key, just leave a light on for me. Yes I know, what I'm asking is crazy. You could go and just get tired of waiting. But if I lose your love torn out by my desire. That would be the one regret of my life. Darling leave a light on for me, I'll be there before you close the door. To give you all the love that you need. Darling leave a light on for me, 'cause when the world takes me away. You are still the air that I breathe. I can't explain, I don't know just how far I have to go. But darling I'll keep the key, just leave a light on for me. Just like a spark lights up the dark. Baby that's your heart. Baby that's your heart. Baby that's your heart. Darling leave a light on for me, I'll be there before you close the door. To give you all the love that you need. Darling leave a light on for me, 'cause when the world takes me away. You are still the air that I breathe. Darling leave a light on for me, I'll be there before you close the door. I'll be all the love that you need. Darling leave a light on for me, 'cause when the world takes me away. You are still the air that I breathe. Darling leave a light on for me, I'll be there before you close the door. To give you all the love that you needShe's a good girl, loves her mama. Loves Jesus and America too. She's a good girl, crazy 'bout Elvis. Loves horses and her boyfriend too. It's a long day livin' in Reseda. There's a freeway runnin' through the yard. And I'm a bad boy 'cause I don't even miss her. I'm a bad boy for breakin' her heart. And I'm free, free fallin'. Yeah, I'm free, free fallin'. All the vampires walkin' through the valley. Move west down Ventura Boulevard. And all the bad boys are standin' in the shadows. And the good girls are home with broken hearts. And I'm free, I'm free fallin'. Yeah, I'm free, free fallin'. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). I wanna glide down over Mulholland. I wanna write her name in the sky. I'm gonna free fall out into nothin'. Gonna leave this world for a while. And I'm free. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Free fallin'. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Yeah, I'm free. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Free fallin'. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Yeah, I'm free, free fallin'. Oh!. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Free fallin'. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Yeah, I'm free. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm). Oh! Free fallin'. (Free fallin', now I'm). (Free fallin', now I'm)Ricky was a young boy, he had a heart of stone. Lived 9 to 5 and he worked his fingers to the bone. Just barely get out of school, came from the edge of town. Fought like a switchblade so no one could take him down, oh no. He had no money, no, no good at home. He walked the streets as soldier and he fought the world alone. And now it's 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to go. 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to go. Tequila in his heartbeat, his veins burned gasoline. He kept his motor running, but it never kept him clean. They say he loved adventure, "Ricky's the wild one". He married trouble and had a courtship with a gun. Bang bang shoot 'em up, the party never ends. You can't think of dying when the bottle's your best friend. And now it's 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to go. 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to go, yeah. "Accidents will happen", they all heard Ricky say. He fired his six-shot to the wind, that child blew a child away. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to go. 18 and life, you got it, 18 and life, you know. Your crime is time and it's 18 and life to goI got a picture of your house and you're standing by the door. It's black and white and faded and it's looking pretty worn. See the factory that I worked silhouetted in the back. The memories are gray but man they're really coming back. . I don't need to be the king of the world. As long as I'm the hero of this little girl. . Heaven isn't too far away. Closer to it every day. No matter what your friends might say. . How I love the way you move and the sparkle in your eyes. And there's a color deep inside them like a blue deterrent sky. When I come home late at night your in bed asleep. I wrap my arms around you so I can feel you breathe. . And I don't need to be a superman. As long as you will always be my biggest fan. . Heaven isn't too far away. Closer to it every day. No matter what your friends might say. Oh we'll find a way, yeah yeahWhen my love said to me. Meet me down by the gallow tree. For it's sad news I bring. About this old town and all that it's offering. Some say troubles abound. Some day soon they're gonna pull the old town down. . One day we'll return here. When the Belfast Child sings again. . Brothers, sisters, where are you now?. As I look for you right through the crowd. All my life here I've spent. With my faith in God the Church and the Government. Some say troubles abound. Some day soon they're gonna pull the old town down. . One day we'll return here. When the Belfast child sings again. When the Belfast child sings again. . So come back Billy, won't you come on home?. Come back Mary, you've been away so long. The streets are empty, and your mother's gone. The girls are crying, it's been, oh, so long. And your father's calling, come on home. Won't you come on home? Come on home. . Come back people, you've been gone a while. And the war is raging, through the Emerald Isle. That's flesh and blood man, that's flesh and blood. All the girls are crying but all's not lost. . The streets are empty, the streets are cold. Won't you come on home? Come on home. . The streets are empty. Life goes on. . One day we'll return here. When the Belfast child sings again. When the Belfast child sings againI want it all I want it all. I want it all and I want it now. Adventure seeker on an empty street. Just an alley creeper, light on his feet. A young fighter screaming. With no time for doubt. With the pain and anger can't see a way out. It ain't much I'm asking, I heard him say. Gotta find me a future move out of my way. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all and I want it now. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all and I want it now. Listen all you people, come gather round. I gotta get me a game plan, gotta shake you to the ground. Just give me what I know is mine. People do you hear me, just give me the sign. It ain't much I'm asking, if you want the truth. Here's to the future for the dreams of youth. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all. And I want it now. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all. And I want it now. I'm a man with a one track mind. So much to do in one life time (people do you hear me). Not a man for compromise and where's and why's and living lies. So I'm living it all, yes I'm living it all. And I'm giving it all, and I'm giving it all. Uh... Yeah yeah yeah!. Ye' ye' ye... Yeah!. (Solo). It ain't much I'm asking, if you want the truth. Here's to the future, hear the cry of youth. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all. And I want it now. I want it all. I want it all. I want it all. And I want it now. And I want it. Now.... I want it. I want itYou say you want diamonds on a ring of gold. You say you want your story to remain untold. But all the promises we make from the cradle to the grave. When all I want is you. You say you'll give me a highway with no one on it. Treasure just to look upon it all the riches in the night. You say you'll give me eyes in a moon of blindness. A river in a time of dryness, a harbour in the tempest. But all the promises we make from the cradle to the grave. When all I want is you. You say you want your love to work out right. To last with me through the night. You say you want diamonds on a ring of gold. Your story to remain untold, your love not to grow cold. All the promises we break from the cradle to the grave. When all I want is you. You. All I want is you. All I want is you. All I want is youIf you're ready, I'm willing and able. Gonna lay my cards out on the table. 'Cause you're mine, I'm yours for the taking. Right now the rules we made are meant for breaking. . What you get ain't always what you see. But satisfaction is guaranteed. But what you give is always what you need. If you want me to lay my hands on you. .   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Hands.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). On me.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . I'm a fighter, poet. And a preacher. I've been to school. Baby, I've been the teacher. . If you show me. How to get up off the ground. I'll show you how to fly. And never come back down. . Everything you want is what I need. Satisfaction is guaranteed. But the ride, never comes for free, so. If you want me to lay. My hands on you. . (Lay your hands on me). (Lay your hands on me). (Lay your hands on me). (Lay your hands on me). . Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Hands.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). On me.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Yeah yeah.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). On me.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . Don't you know I only aim to please. So if you want me to lay. My hands on you. . Lay your hands on me. Lift me up, take me high. Lift me up. . Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Hands.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). On me.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . Lay your.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). Yeah, yeah, yeah.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). On me.   (Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me). . (Lay your hands on me). (Lay your hands on me). (Lay your hands on me). ...My brave, my brave, my brave face. I've been livin' in style, unaccustomed as I am to the luxury life. I've been hittin' the town and it didn't hit back. I've been doin' the rounds, unaccustomed as I am to the time on my hands. Now, I don't have to tell anybody when I'm gonna get back. Ever since you went away, I've had this sentimental. Inclination not to change a single thing. As I pull the sheets back on the bed. I want to go bury my head in your pillow. Now that I'm alone again, I can't stop breakin' down again. The simplest things set me off again and take me to that place. Where I can't find my brave face, where I can't find my brave face. My brave, my brave, my brave face, my brave face. I've been livin' a lie, unaccustomed as I am to the work of a housewife. I've been breakin' up, dirty dishes and they throwin' them away. Ever since you left I have been tryin' to compose. A, baby will you please come home, note meant for you. As I clear away another untouched TV dinner. From the table, I laid for two. Now that I'm alone again, I can't stop breakin' down again. The simplest things set me off again, take me to that place. Where I can't find my brave face, where I can't find my brave face. My brave, my brave, my brave face, my brave faceIt's been seven hours and fifteen days. Since u took your love away. I go out every night and sleep all day. Since you took your love away. Since you been gone I can do whatever I want. I can see whomever I choose. I can eat my dinner in a fancy restaurant. But nothing. I said nothing can take away these blues. 'Cause nothing compares. Nothing compares to you. It's been so lonely without you here. Like a bird without a song. Nothing can stop these lonely tears from falling. Tell me baby where did I go wrong. I could put my arms around every boy I see. But they'd only remind me of you. I went to the doctor and guess what he told me. Guess what he told me. He said girl you better have fun. No matter what you do. But he's a fool. 'Cause nothing compares. Nothing compares to you. All the flowers that you planted, mama. In the back yard. All died when you went away. I know that living with you baby was sometimes hard. But I'm willing to give it another try. Nothing compares. Nothing compares to you. Nothing compares. Nothing compares to you. Nothing compares. Nothing compares to youI wake up in the morning. And I raise my weary head. I've got an old coat for a pillow. And the earth was last night's bed. I don't know where I'm going. Only God knows where. I've been I'm a devil on the road. A six gun lover. A candle in the wind. When you're brought into this world. They say you're born in sin. Well at least they gave me something. I didn't have to steal or have to win. Well they tell me that I'm wanted. Yeah I'm a wanted man. I'm colt in your stable. I'm what Cain was to Abel. Mister catch me if you can. I'm going down in a blaze of glory. Take me now but know the truth. I'm going down in a blaze of glory. Lord I never drew first. But I drew first blood. I'm no ones son. Call me young gun. You ask about my conscience. And I offer you my soul. You ask If I'll grow to be a wise man. Well I ask if I'll grow old. You ask me if I known love. And what it's like to sing songs in the rain. Well, I've seen love come. And I've seen it shot down. I've seen it die in vain. Shot down in a blaze of glory. Take me now but know the truth. I'm going down in a blaze of glory. Lord I never drew first. But I drew first blood. I'm the devil's son. Call me young gun. Each night I go to bed. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. No I ain't looking for forgiveness. But before I'm six foot deep. Lord, I got to ask a favor. And I'll hope You'll understand. 'Cause I've lived life to the fullest. Let this boy die like a man. Staring down the bullet. Let me make my final stand. Shot down in a blaze of glory. Take me now but know the truth. I'm going down in a blaze of glory. Lord I never drew first. But I drew first blood. I'm no one's son. Call me young gun. I'm young gun. Young gun. yeah yeahh. Young gunMississippi in the middle of a dry spell.  Jimmy Rogers on the Victrola up high.  Mama's dancin' with baby on her shoulder.  The sun is settin' like molasses in the sky.  The boy could sing, knew how to move, everything.  Always wanting more, he'd leave you longing for.  Black velvet and that little boy's smile.  Black velvet with that slow southern style.  A new religion that'll bring ya to your knees.  Black velvet if you please.  Up in Memphis the music's like a heatwave.  White lightening, bound to drive you wild.  Mama's baby's in the heart of every school girl.  "Love me tender" leaves 'em cryin' in the aisle.  The way he moved, it was a sin, so sweet and true.  Always wanting more, he'd leave you longing for.  Black velvet and that little boy's smile.  Black velvet with that slow southern style.  A new religion that'll bring ya to your knees.  Black velvet if you please.  Every word of every song that he sang was for you.  In a flash he was gone, it happened so soon, what could.  You do?.  Black velvet and that little boy's smile.  Black velvet with that slow southern style.  A new religion that'll bring ya to your knees.  Black velvet if you please.  Black velvet and that little boy's smile.  Black velvet with that slow southern style.  A new religion that'll bring ya to your knees.  Black velvet if you please.  If you please, if you please, if you pleaseIt was a rainy night when he came into sight. Standing by the road, no umbrella, no coat. So I pulled up alongside and I offered him a ride. He accepted with a smile, so we drove for a while. I didn't ask him his name, this lonely boy in the rain. Fate, tell me it's right, is this love at first sight?. Please don't make it wrong just stay for the night. All I wanna do is make love to you. Say you will, you want me too. All I wanna do is make love to you. I've got lovin' arms to hold on to. So we found this hotel, It was a place I knew well. We made magic that night, oh he did everything right. He brought the woman out of me so many times, easily. And in the morning when he woke all I left him was a note. I told him, "I am the flower you are the seed. We walked in the garden, we planted a tree. Don't try to find me, please don't you dare. Just live in my memory, you'll always be there. All I wanna do is make love to you. One night of love was all we knew. All I wanna do is make love to you. I've got lovin' arms to hold on to. We made love, love like strangers. All night long we made love. Then it happened one day we came round the same way. You can imagine his surprise when he saw his own eyes. I said, "Please, please understand, I'm in love with another man. And what he couldn't give me was the one little thing that you can". All I wanna do is make love to you. One night of love was all we knew. All I wanna do is make love to you. Come on say you will, you want me too. All I wanna do is make love to you. One night of love was all we knew. All I wanna do is make love to you. Say you will baby, you want me too. All night long, all night long. All night long, all night long. All I wanna do, all I wanna do. All I wanna do, all I wanna do. All I wanna do is make love to you. One night of love was all we knew, yeahDon't you know what you're doin'. You got a death wish. Suicide blonde. Suicide blonde. Suicide blonde. Suicide blonde. Suicide blonde was the color of her hair. Like a cheap distraction for a new affair. She knew it would finish before it began. Woah baby, you lost the plan. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde. Stripped to the beat but her clothes stay on. White light everywhere but you can't see a thing. Such a squeeze a mad sad moment. Glory to you, glory to you take me there, take me there, oh. Got some revelation put into your hands. Save you from your misery like rain across the land. Don't you see the color of deception?. Turnin' your world around again. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde. You wanna make, you wanna make. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. You wanna make. . That's the story. Everything you wanna be. Everything you are, are. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde, no. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde, yeah. Love devastation. You wanna make her, suicide blonde. Love devastation, suicide blonde. You wanna make herIt's a human sign. When things go wrong. When the scent of her lingers. And temptation's strong. Into the boundary. Of each married man. Sweet deceit comes calling. And negativity lands. Cold cold heart. Hard done by you. Some things look better baby. Just passing through. And it's no sacrifice. Just a simple word. It's two hearts living. In two separate worlds. But it's no sacrifice. No sacrifice. It's no sacrifice at all. Mutual misunderstanding. After the fact. Sensitivity builds a prison. In the final act. We lose direction. No stone unturned. No tears to damn you. When jealousy burns. Cold, cold heart. Hard done by you. Some things lookin' better, baby. Just passin' through. And it's no sacrifice. Just a simple word. It's two hearts livin'. In two separate world. But, it's no sacrifice. No sacrifice. It's no sacrifice, at all. Cold, cold heart. Hard done by you. Some things lookin' better, baby. Just passin' through. And it's no sacrifice. Just a simple word. It's two hearts livin'. In two separate world. But, it's no sacrifice. No sacrifice. It's no sacrifice, at all. No sacrifice, at all. No sacrifice, at all. No sacrifice, at all. No sacrifice, at allNAWell rock the cradle of love. Rock the cradle of love. Yes the cradle of love don't rock easily It's true. Well rock the cradle of love. I rocked the cradle of love. Yes the cradle of love don't rock easily It's true. Well now. It burned like a ball of fire. When the rebel took a little child bride. To tease yeah so go easy yeah. Cause love cutts a million ways. Shakes the devil when he missbehaves. I ain't nobody's fool. Come on shake it up. Whatever I do. Rock the cradle of love. Rock the cradle of love. Yes the cradle of love don't rock easily It's true. Sent from heaven above that's right. To rob the cradle of love. Yes the pages of don't talk decently It's true. Yeah flesh for your romeo. Ah yeah baby. I hear you moan. It's easy y'know how to please me yeah. This love starts my rollin train. You can't stop it. It ain't in vain. I ain't nobody's fool. Come on shake it up. Whatever you do. These are the wages of love. Rock the cradle of love. These are the wages of love. Ooh yeah. Rock the cradle. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Well it burned like a ball of fire. When the rebel took a little child bride. To tease yeah I know how to please you yeah. Well my love starts a rollin train. You can't stop it. It ain't in vain. I ain't nobody's fool. Come on shake it up. Whatever I do. Rock the cradle of love. Rock the cradle of love. Sent from heaven above. That's right. To rock the cradle of love. Rock the cradle of love. Yeah cradle of love. That's me mama. I robbed the devil of love. All right. Cradle of love. If you teaze me tonight. If you sleaze me all right. If you appeaze me tonight. And let me ease you. Cradle of loveRod Stewart. Miscellaneous. Downtown Train. Outside another yellow moon. has punched a hole in the night time mist. I climb through the window and down to the street. I'm shining like a new dime. The downtown trains are full. full of all them Brooklyn girls. They try so hard to break out of their little worlds. . You wave your hand and they scatter like crows. They have nothing that'll ever capture your heart. They're just thorns without the rose. Be careful of them in the dark. Oh if I was the one you chose to be your only one. Oh baby can't you hear me now, can't you hear me now. . Will I see you tonight on a downtown train. Every night, every night its just the same. On a downtown train. . I know your window and I know its late. I know your stairs and your doorway. I walk down your street and past your gate. I stand by the light of the four way. and watch them as they fall, oh baby. They all having their heart attacks. They stay at the carnival. But they'll never win you back. . Will I see you tonight on a downtown train. Every night, every night its just the same. You leave me lonely. Will I see you tonight on a downtown train. All my dreams, all my dreams fall like rain. On a downtown train. . Will I see you tonight on a downtown train. Every night, every night its just the same. . Will I see you tonight on a downtown train. All my dreams, all my dreams fall like rain. On a downtown train. On a downtown train. All my dreams fall like rain. On a downtown trainWhat's got you so jumpy?. Why can't you sit still, yeah?. Like gasoline you want to pump me. And leave me when you get your fill, yeah. Every time I touch you honey you get hot. I want to make love you never stop. Come up for air you push me to the floor. What's been going on in that head of yours. Unskinny bop. Just blows me away. Unskinny bop, bop. All night and day. Unskinny bop, bop, bop, bop. She just loves to play. Unskinny bop nothin' more to say. You look at me so funny. Love bite got you acting oh so strange. You got too many bees in your honey. Am I just another word in your page, yeah, yeah. Every time I touch you you get hot. I want to make love you never stop. Come up for air you push me to the floor. What's been going on in that head of yours. Unskinny bop. Just blows me away. Unskinny bop, bop. All night and day. Unskinny bop, bop, bop, bop. She just loves to play. Unskinny bop nothin' more to say. You're sayin' my love won't do ya. That ain't love written on your face. Well honey I can see right through ya. Yeah whose ridin' who at the end of the race. What's right. What's wrong. What's left. What the hell is going on. Unskinny bop. Just blows me away. Unskinny bop, bop. All night and day. Unskinny bop, bop, bop, bop. She just loves to play. (Up for air, pulled to the floor). Unskinny bop. No good, no good. Unskinny bop, bop. All night n' day, do it. Unskinny bop, bop, bop, bop. No good, no good, good, no good. Unskinny bop (oh ooh). Unskinny bopPoison. Poison, uh. Girl I must warn you. I sense something strange in my mind. Situation is serious. Let's cure it 'cause we're running out of time. It's all so beautiful. Relationships they seem from the start. It's all so deadly. When love is not together from the heart, yeah. But it's driving me out of my mind. That's why it's hard for me to find. Can't get it outta my head. Miss her, kiss her, love her. That girl is poison, ooh. Never trust a big butt and smile. She's poison. If I were you I'd take precautions. Before I start to leave fly girl. 'Cause in some portions. She's the best thing in the world, ooh. She's so fly, she'll drive you right out of your mind. Beware she's schemin', she'll make you think you're dreamin'. You'll fall in love and you'll be screamin' dreamin'. (U-uh u-uuh) It's driving me out of my mind. That's why it's hard for me to find. Can't get it outta my head. Miss her, kiss her, love her. That girl is poison, uuuh. Never trust a big butt and smile. She's poison. They told me. Never give in to tentation. No correlation with love and affection. Is it fact or is it fiction?. Is she into me or is she into Rixton?. They sey that she'll never change. I can feel her running through my veins. My veins, my veins. My veins, my veins. She's running through my veins, yeah. She won't change, won't change. That girl is poison, oh. Never trust a big butt and smile. She's poison. She's poison, poison, oh!. That girl is poisonYou can win the fight, you can grab a piece of the sky. You can break the rules, but before you try. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. You can stop the world, steal the face from the moon. You can beat the clock, but before high noon. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. You've got one life with a reason. You need two hearts on one side. When you stand alone and there's no one there. To share the way it feels inside and baby. You can cheat the devil and slice a piece of the sun. Burn up the highway but before you run. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. When you're gonna play with fire. You let someone share the heat. When you're on your own and there's no one there. To cool the flames beneath your feet and baby. You can win the fight, you can grab a piece of the sky. You can break the rules but before you try. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. You gotta love someone. ...You had something to hide. Should have hidden it, shouldn't you. Now you're not satisfied. With what you're being put through. . It's just time to pay the price. For not listening to advice. And deciding in your youth. On the policy of truth. . Things could be so different now. It used to be so civilised. You will always wonder how. It could have been if you'd only lied. . It's too late to change events. It's time to face the consequence. For delivering the proof. In the policy of truth. . Never again. Is what you swore. The time before. Never again. Is what you swore. The time before. . Now you're standing there tongue tied. You'd better learn your lesson well. Hide what you have to hide. And tell what you have to tell. You'll see your problems multiplied. If you continually decide. To faithfully pursue. The policy of truth. . Never again. Is what you swore. The time before(thunder) (x10). I was caught. In the middle of a railroad track (thunder)	[...of a lightning attack]. I looked round. And i knew there was no turning back (thunder). My mind raced. And i thought what could i do (thunder). And i knew. There was no help, no help from you (thunder). . Sound of the drums. Beatin' in my heart. The thunder of guns. Tore me apart. You've been - thunderstruck. . [rode | went] down the highway. Broke the limit, we hit the town. Went through to texas, yeah texas. And we had some fun. We met some girls. Some dancers who gave a good time. Broke all the rules, played all the fools. Yeah, yeah, they, they, they blew our minds. . I was shakin' at the knees. Could i come again please?. Yeah the ladies were too kind. You've been - thunderstruck, thunderstruck. Yeah yeah yeah, thunderstruck. . Yeah. Oh, thunderstruck, yeah. . Now we're shaking at the knees. Could i come again please?. . Thunderstruck, thunderstruck. Yeah yeah yeah, thunderstruck. Thunderstruck, yeah, yeah, yeah. . Said yeah, it's alright. We're doing fine. Yeah, it's alright. We're doing fine. (so fine). . Thunderstruck, yeah, yeah, yeah,. Tunderstruck, thunderstruck, thunderstruck. Whoa baby, baby, thunderstruck. You've been thunderstruck, thunderstruck. Thunderstruck, thunderstruck, thunderstruck. You've been thunderstruckPick it up. This'll get you out of your head. China's hangin' out by the railings. Of the motorshed. She goes with a real hit biker. He's a metalhead. She looks me up and down. Talkin' dirty eyes. Sweet sayin' boy baby. I could lick ya any time. Keep it up. That's right... Here we go again. Bit later I'm gonna run. Into her round the back. While other guys break heads. In the Sugar Shack. Don't give me drink I don't wanna. Get too stoned. Then we're gonna see who's gonna. Take who home. The violence of summer. A love's taking over. It starts with desire. Ends up under cover. Those lips will make me rise. You may look down but don't think twice. Slow death is on the way. So what man I still want to play.... One, two. This'll get you out of your mind. This'll get you up... Let's go. Maybe take a ride goin' south. Where her mother writes. Before bad news catches up. We still got a little time. We'll leave it all so far away. One thing is sure we shouldn't stay. I take it all little Chine gonna. Get the runaround a run... A runaround. The violence of summer. A love's taking over. It starts with desire. Ends up under cover. China... Na china... Nanana. China... Na china... Nanana. China... Na china... Nanana. China... Na china... Nana. The violence of summer. A love's taking over. It starts with desire. Ends up under cover... Mmm... Love's takin' over. Yes love's takin' over. Love's takin over...Well I see him on the TV. Preaching about the promised lands. he tells me believe in Jesus. steals the money from my hands. some say he was a good man. Lord I think he sinned... yeah. Twenty two years of mental tears. cries a suicidal Vietnam vet. Who fought a losing war. on a foreign shore. to find his country didn't want him back. their bullets took his best friend in Saigon. our lawyers took his wife and kids no regrets. In a time I don't remember. in a war he can't forget. he cried "forgive me for what I done there. Cause I never meant the things I did". and give me something to believe in. if there's a lord above. and give me something to believe in. oh, lord arise. My best friend died a lonely man. in some Palm Springs hotel room. I got the call last Christmas Eve. and they told me the news. I tried all night not to break down n cry. as the tears rolled down my face. I felt so cold and empty. like a lost soul out of place. and the Mirror mirror on the wall. sees my smile it fades again. and give me something to believe in (I give me something to believe in). if there's lord above. and give me something to believe in (I give me something to believe in). Oh, lord arise. Sometimes I wish to God I didn't know now. things I didn't know then. Road you gotta take me home. Solo. I drive by the homeless. sleepin' on a cold dark street. like bodies in an old bone grave. underneath the broken old neon sign. used to read "Jesus saves". A mile away live the rich folk. and I see how they're livin' it up. but while the poor they eat from hand to mouth. the rich are drinkin' from a golden cup. and it just makes me wonder. why so many lose and so few win... Ha!. Give me something to believe in. give me something to believe in. If there's a lord above. give me something to believe in. oh lord arise. give me something to believe in. you take the high road. give me something to believe in. and I'll take the low road. give me something to believe in. you take the high road. and give me something to believe in. and I'll take the low road. Yeah, sometimes I wish I didn't know now. things I didn't know then... yeah.. and give me something to believe inGo West. Indian Summer/Aces and Kings. The King Of Wishful Thinking. I don't need to fall at your feet. Just 'cause you cut me to the bone. And I won't miss the way that you kissed me. We were never carved in stone. . If I don't listen to the talk of the town. Then maybe I can fool myself. . I'll get over you, I know I will. I'll pretend my ship's not sinking. And I'll tell myself I'm over you. 'Cause I'm the King of Wishful Thinking. Ooh yeah, I am the King of Wishful Thinking. . I refuse to give in to my blues. That's not how it's gonna be. And I deny the tears in my eyes. I don't wanna let you see, no. . That you have made a hole in my heart. And now I've got to fool myself. . I'll get over you, I know I will. I'll pretend my ship's not sinking. And I'll tell myself I'm over you. 'Cause I'm the King of Wishful Thinking. . (I'll get over you, I know I will. I'll pretend my ship's not sinking). And I'll tell myself I'm over you. 'Cause I'm the King of Wishful Thinking, yeah. . If I don't listen to the talk of the town. Then maybe I can fool myself. . I'll get over you, I know I will. I'll pretend my ship's not sinking. And I'll tell myself I'm over you. 'Cause I'm the King of Wishful Thinking. I'm the King of Wishful Thinking. . I'll get over you, I know I will. You made a hole in my heart. But won't shed a tear for you. I'll be the King of Wishful Thinking. . I'll get over you, I know I will. I'll pretend my heart's still beating. 'Cause I've got no more tears for you. I'm the King of Wishful ThinkingGo on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. I like it. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. Oh yeah. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. I like it. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. Uno, Dos, Tres, Quatro. Itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the locker she wanted to stay. She was afraid to come out of the locker. She was as nervous as she could be. She was afraid to come out of the locker. She was afraid that somebody would see. (Two, three, four, tell the people what she wore). It was an itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the locker she wanted to stay. (Two, three, four, stick around we'll tell you more). She was afraid to come out in the open. And so a blanket around her she wore. She was afraid to come out in the open. And so she sat bundled up on the shore. (Two, three, four, tell the people what she wore). It was an itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the blanket she wanted to stay. We gonna have big fun tonight ha ha ha. Uno, Dos, Tres, Quatro. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. Oh yeah. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. I like it. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. Oh yeah. Go on girl, go on, go on, go on girl. Itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the locker she wanted to stay. Now she's afraid to come out of the water. And I wonder what she's gonna do. Now she's afraid to come out of the water. And the poor little girl's turnin' blue. (Two, three, four, tell the people what she wore). It was an itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the water she wanted to stay. Itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the water she wanted to stay. Itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. That she wore for the first time today (Oh yeah). An itsy bitsy teenie weenie yellow polka-dot bikini. So in the water she wanted to stayWoke up to the sound of pouring rain. The wind would whisper and I'd think of you. And all the tears you cried, that called my name. And when you needed me I came through. I paint a picture of the days gone by. When love went blind and you would make me see. I'd stare a lifetime into your eyes. So that I knew that you were there for me. Time after time, you were there for me. Remember yesterday, walking hand in hand. Love letters in the sand, I remember you. Through the sleepless nights, through every endless day. I'd wanna hear you say, I remember you. We spent the summer with the top rolled down. Wished ever after would be like this. You said "I love you babe," without a sound. I said I'd give my life for just one kiss. I'd live for your smile, and die for your kiss. Remember yesterday, walking hand in hand. Love letters in the sand, I remember you. Through the sleepless nights, through every endless day. I'd wanna hear you say, I remember you. We've had our share of hard times. But that's the price we paid. And through it all, we kept the promise that we made. I swear you'll never be lonely. Woke up to the sound of pouring rain. Washed away a dream of you. But nothing else could ever take you away. 'Cause you'll always be my dream come true. Oh my darling, I love you!. Remember yesterday, walking hand in hand. Love letters in the sand, I remember you. Through the sleepless nights, through every endless day. I'd wanna hear you say, I remember you. Remember yesterday, walking hand in hand. Love letters in the sand, I remember you. Through all the sleepless nights, through all every endless days. I'd wanna hear you say. I remember. I remember you. ohhh uhhh yeah!Here I am at six o'clock in the morning. Still thinking about you. It's still hard, at six o'clock in the morning. To sleep without you. And I know that it might. Seem too late for love. All I know. I need you now. More than words can say. I need you now. I've got to find a way. I need you now. Before I lose my mind. I need you now. Here I am, I'm looking out my window. I'm dreaming about you. Can't let you go, at six o'clcok in the morning. I feel you beside me. And I know that it might. Seem too late for love. For love Oh, Oh, Oh. I need you now. More than words can say. I need you now. I've got to find a way. I need you now. Before I lose my mind. I need you now. More than words can say. I need you now. Oh I got to hear you say. I need you now. Before I lose my mind. I need you now. I need you nowSaying "I love you". Is not the words I want to hear from you. It's not that I want you. Not to say, but if you only knew how easy. It would be to show me how you feel. More than words. Is all you have to do to make it real. Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me. 'Cause I'd already know. What would you do if my heart was torn in two. More than words to show you feel. That your love for me is real. What would you say if I took those words away. Then you couldn't make things new. Just by saying "I love you". More than words. Now but I've tried to talk to you. And make you understand. All you have to do is close your eyes. And just reach out your hands. And touch me. Hold me close, don't ever let me go. More than words. Is all I ever needed you to show. Then you wouldn't have to say that you love me. 'Cause I'd already know. What would you do if my heart was torn in two. More than words to show you feel. That your love for me is real. What would you say if I took those words away. When you couldn't make things new. Just by saying "I love you". More than words. More than words. More than words. More than words. More than wordsNAOh, baby child. It's no secret that the stars are falling from the sky. It's no secret that our world is in darkness tonight. They say the sun is sometimes eclipsed by a moon. You know I don't see you when she walks in the room. It's no secret that a friend is someone who lets you help. It's no secret that a liar won't believe in anyone else. They say a secret is something you tell one other person. So I'm telling you, child. Oh love, we shine like a burning star. We're falling from the sky tonight. A man will beg. A man will crawl. On the sheer face of love. Like a fly on a wall. It's no secret at all. It's no secret that a conscience can sometimes be a pest. It's no secret, ambition bites the nails of success. Every artist is a cannibal, every poet is a thief. All kill their inspiration and sing about their grief. Oh love, we shine like a burning star. We're falling from the sky tonight. A man will rise. A man will fall. From the sheer face of love. Like a fly from a wall. It's no secret at all. Oh love, we shine like a burning star. We're falling from the sky tonight. Oh love, we shine like a burning star. We're falling from the sky tonight. A man will rise. A man will fall. From the sheer face of love. Like a fly from a wall. It's no secret at all. It's no secret that the stars are falling from the sky. The universe exploded 'cause of one man's lie. Look, I gotta go, yeah, I'm running outta change. There's a lot of things if I could I'd rearrangeAcross the street, the river runs. Down in the gutter, life is slippin' away. Let me still exist in another place. Runnin' under cover, of a helicopter blade. . Flames are getting higher in effigy. Burnin' down the bridges of my memory. Love may still be alive somewhere, some way. Where they're downin' only deer. A hundred steel towns away. . Oh, the rhythm of my heart is beatin' like a drum. With the words "I love you" rollin' off my tongue. No, never will I roam, for I know my place is home. Where the ocean meets the sky, I'll be sailin'. . Photographs, kerosene, light up my darkness. Light it up, light it up, light it up. I can still feel the touch, of your thin blue jeans. Runnin' down the alley, I've got my eyes all over you, baby. Oh baby. . Oh, the rhythm of my heart is beatin' like a drum. With the words "I love you" rollin' off my tongue. No, never will I roam, for I know my place is home. Where the ocean meets the sky, I'll be sailing, I'll be sailing. . Oh, I've got lightning in my veins. Shifting like the handle of a slot machine. Love may still exist in another place. I'm just yanking back the handle, no expression on my face. . Oh, the rhythm of my heart is beatin' like a drum. With the words "I love you" rollin' off my tongue. Oh, never will I roam, for I know my place is home. Where the ocean meets the sky, I'll be sailin'. . Oh,  the rhythm of my heart is beatin' like a drum. With the words "I love you" rollin' off my tongue. No, never will I roam, for I know my place is home. Where the ocean meets the sky, I'll be sailin'. . The rhythm of my heart is beatin' like a drum. The words "I love you" rollin' off my tongue. Never will I roam, for I know my place is home. Where the ocean meets the sky, I'll be sailin'Yeah!. Baby!. I'm comin' to get ya. You might stop a hurricane. Might even stop the drivin' rain. You might have a dozen other guys. But if you wanna stop me baby don't even try. I'm goin' one way. your way. It's such a strong way. let's make it our way. Now baby,. I can't stop this thing we started. You gotta know it's right. I can't stop this course we've plotted. Yeah!. This thing called love we got it. No place for the brokenhearted. Can't stop this thing we started, no way. I'm goin' your way!. Yeah. You might stop the world spinnin' round. Might even walk on holy ground. I ain't superman and I can't fly. But if you wanna stop me baby don't even try. I'm goin' one way. your way. Ohh, it's such a strong way. let's make it our way. Now baby!. Can't stop this thing we started. You gotta know it's right. I can't stop this course we've plotted. Yeah!. This thing called love we got it. No place for the brokenhearted. Can't stop this thing we started, no way. I'm goin' your way!. Oh, why take it slow. I gotta know. Hey!. 'Cause nothing can stop this thing that we got, no. Oh yeah!. I can't stop this thing we started. Yeah!. You gotta know it's right. Can't stop this course we've plotted. Ohow yeah!. This thing called love we got it. Ain't No place for the brokenhearted. I can't stop this. I can't stop this. I can't stop this thing we started. You gotta know it's alright. Can't stop this course we've plotted. Oh yeah! Baby!. Can't stop this. Can't stop this. I can't stop this. Yeah yeah. I can't stop this. Yeah!You were so blind to let me go. You had it all but did not know. No one you'll find will ever be. Closer to all your dreams than me. Believing for the grass would be greener. You told yourself, "I just don't need her now". But I know you'll soon discover. You're never satisfied with any other. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday, hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. You'll change your mind and call my name. Soon as you find they're all the same. And when you find yourself alone. Don't come back crying. You should have known. Believe me I'm not pretending. It's not hard to predict this ending now. 'Cause I know you'll soon discover. You're needing me in spite of all the others. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday, hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday, hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. Maybe now you just can't conceive. That there'll ever come a time. When you're cold and lonely. Baby, how could you ever believe. That another could replace me. The one and only. But when your down. In your time of need. And you're thinking that you. Might be coming back to own me. Just think again 'cause. I won't need your love anymore. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday, hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. Someday, someday. One you gave away. Will be the only one you're wishing for. Someday, hey hey. Boy you're gonna pay. 'Cause baby I'm the one who's keeping score. Someday, somedayThe world was on fire and no one could save me but you*. It's strange what desire will make foolish people do.. I never dreamed that I'd meet somebody like you.. And I never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you.. No, I don't want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). No, I don't want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). With you (This world is only gonna break your heart). What a wicked game to play, to make me feel this way.. What a wicked thing to do, to let me dream of you.. What a wicked thing to say, you never felt this way.. What a wicked thing to do, to make me dream of you and,. I want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). No, I want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). With you.. The world was on fire and no one could save me but you.. It's strange what desire will make foolish people do.. I never dreamed that I'd love somebody like you.. And I never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you,. No, I want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). No, I want to fall in love . (This world is only gonna break your heart). With you . (This world is only gonna break your heart). No, I... . (This world is only gonna break your heart). (This world is only gonna break your heart). Nobody loves no one.Johnny take a walk with your sister the moon. Let her pale light in to fill up your room. You've been living underground, eating from a can. You've been running away from what you don't understand. Love. She's slippy. You're sliding down. She'll be there. When you hit the ground. It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. She moves in mysterious ways. It's all right, it's all right, it's all right. She moves in mysterious ways. Johnny take a dive with your sister in the rain. Let her talk about the things you can't explain. To touch is to heal, to hurt is to steal. If you want to kiss the sky, better learn how to kneel. On your knees boy. She's the wave. She turns the tide. [Incomprehensible]. She knows why. It's all right, it's all right, all right. She moves in mysterious ways. It's all right, it's all right, all right. She moves in mysterious ways. It's all right, it's all right, all right. Lift my days, light up my nights, love. One day you will look back. And you'll see where you were held how. By this love while you could stand there. You could move on this moment, follow this feeling. It's all right, it's all right, all right. She moves in mysterious ways. It's all right, it's all right, all right. She moves in mysterious ways. Oh love, oh love. Love, no, no, no. Move you, spirit move, move. Move you, move with it. She moves with it. Lift my days, light up my nights, loveYeah. Can you feel it baby. I can too. Come on swing it. Come on swing it. Come on swing it. Come on swing it. 1-2-3 - Now we come to the pay off. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. Yo! It's about that time. To bring forth the rhythm and the rhyme. I'ma get mine so get yours. I wanna see sweat comin' out your pores. On the house tip is how I'm swingin' this. Strictly Hip-Hop boy, I ain't singin' this. Bringing this to the entire nation. Black, white, red, brown. Feel the vibration. Come on come on. Feel it feel it. Feel the vibration. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. Vibrations good like Sunkist. Many wanna know who done this. Marky Mark and I'm here to move you. Rhymes will groove you. And I'm here to prove to you. That we can party on the positive side. And pump positive vibes. So come along for the ride. Making you feel the rhythm is my occupation. So feel the vibration. Come on come on. Feel it feel it. Feel the vibration. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. Donnie D break it down. Donnie D's on the back up. Drug free, so put the crack up. No need for speed. I'm the anti D-R-U-G-G-I-E my. Body is healthy. My rhymes make me wealthy. And the Funky Bunch helps me. To bring you a show with no intoxication. Come on feel the vibration. Yeah. Can you feel it baby. I can too. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. Now the time has come for you to get up. The rest had you fed up but Yo, I won't let up. On the rhythm and rhyme that's designed to. Make your behind move to what I'm inclined to. Pure Hip Hop, no sell out. If you ain't in it to win it. Then get the hell out. I command you to dance. I wanna see motivation. Come on now feel the vibration. It's such a good vibration. Come on come on come on. It's such a sweet sensation. Feel it feel it. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. Come on come on come on. It's such a sweet sensation. Feel it feel it. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensation. It's such a good vibration. It's such a sweet sensationI am the one and only oh yeah. Call me, call me by my name or call me by my number. You put me through it. I'll still be doing it the way I do it. And yet, you try to make me forget. Who I really am, don't tell me I'm no best. I'm not the same as all the rest. I am the one and only. Nobody I'd rather be. I am the one and only. You can't take that away from me. I've been a player in the crowd scene. A flicker on the big screen. My soul embraces one more in a million faces. High hopes and aspirations, and years above my station. Maybe but all this time I've tried to walk with dignity and pride. I can't wear this uniform without some compromises. Because you'll find out that we come. In different shapes and sizes. No one can be myself like I can. For this job I'm the best man. And while this may be true, you are the one and only you. (twice)Well the key to my survival. was never in much doubt. the question was how I could keep sane. trying to find a way out. Things were never easy for me. peace of mind was hard to find. and I needed a place where I could hide. somewhere I could call mine. I didn't think much about it. til it started happening all the time. soon I was living with the fear everyday. of what might happen that night. I couldn't stand to hear the. crying of my mother. and I remember when. I swore that, that would be the. Last they'd see of me. And I never went home again. they say that time is a healer. and now my wounds are not the same. I rang the bell with my heart in my mouth. I had to hear what he'd say. He sat me down to talk to me. he looked me straight in the eyes. he said:. You're no son, you're no son of mine. You're no son, you're no son of mine. You walked out, you left us behind. and you're no son, no son of mine. oh, his words how they hurt me, I'll never forget it. and as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it. You're no son, you're no son of mine. but where should I go,. and what should I do. you're no son, you're no son of mine. but I came here for help, oh I came here for you. Well the years they passed so slowly. I thought about him everyday. what would I do, if we passed on the street. would I keep running away. in and out of hiding places. soon I'd have to face the facts. we'd have to sit down and talk it over. and that would mean going back. they say that time is a healer. and now my wounds are not the same. I rang that bell with my heart in my mouth. I had to hear what he'd say. He sat me down to talk to me. he looked me straight in the eyes. he said:. You're no son, you're no son of mine. You're no son, you're no son of mine. When you walked out, you left us behind. and you're no son, you're no son of mine. oh, his words how they hurt me, I'll never forget it. and as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But where should I go and what should I do. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But I came here for help, oh I was looking for you. You're no son, you're no son of mine - oh. You're no son - ha yeah, ha yeah, ha yeah, ha yeah. You're no son, you're no son of mine - oh, oh...I looked out across. The river today. I saw a city in the fog and an old church tower. Where the seagulls play. Saw the sad shire horses walking home. In the sodium light. Saw two priests on the ferry. October geese on a cold winter's night. And all this time. The river flowed. Endlessly. To the sea. Two priests came round our house tonight. One young, one old. To offer prayers for the dying. To serve the final rite. One to learn, one to teach. Which way the cold wind blows. Fussing and flapping in priestly black. Like a murder of crows. And all this time, the river flowed. Endlessly. to the sea. If I had my way, I'd take a boat from the river. And I'd bury the old man. I'd bury him at sea. Blessed are the poor. for they shall inherit the earth. (One is) Better to be poor than a fat man in the eye of a needle. And as these words were spoken i swear i hear. The old man laughing,. 'what good is a used up world, and how could it be. Worth having'. And all this time the river flowed. Endlessly like a silent tear. And all this time the river flowed. Father, if jesus exists,. Then how come he never lived here?. Yeah, yeah. Teachers told us. The romans built this place. They built a wall and a temple on the edge of the. Empire garrison town,. They lived and they died. They prayed to their gods. But the stone gods did not make a sound. And their empire crumbled. 'Til all that was left. Were the stones the workmen found. And all this time the river flowed. In the falling light of a northern sun. If i had my way. I'd take a boat from the river. Men go crazy in congregations. But they only get better. One by one. One by one, by one. One by one. I looked out across. The river today. I saw a city in the fog and an old church tower. Where the seagulls play. Saw the sad shire horses walking home. In the sodium light. Saw two priests on the ferry. October geese on a cold winter's nightI love myself. I want you to love me. When I'm feelin' down. I want you above me. I search myself. I want you to find me. I forget myself. I want you to remind me. I don't want anybody else. When I think about you. I touch myself. I don't want anybody else. Oh no, oh no, oh no. You're the one who makes me happy honey. You're the sun who makes me shine. When you're around I'm always laughing. I want to make you mine. I close my eyes. And see you before me. Think I would die. If you were to ignore me. A fool could see. Just how much I adore you. I get down on my knees. I'd do anything for you. I don't want anybody else. When I think about you. I touch myself. I don't want anybody else. Oh no, oh no, oh no. I love myself. I want you to love me. When I'm feelin' down. I want you above me. I search myself. I want you to find me. I forget myself. I want you to remind me. I don't want anybody else. When I think about you. I touch myself. I don't want anybody else. Oh no, oh no, oh no. I want you. I don't want anybody else. And when I think about you. I touch myself. Ooh, oooh, oooooh, aaaaaah. I don't want anybody else. When I think about you. I touch myself. I don't want anybody else. Oh no, oh no, oh noNASay I'm cryin', lookin' at what's on TV. Pain and sufferin' and the struggle to be free. It can't ever be denied and I never will ignore. But when I see you comin' I can take it all. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. Say you're mine and give yourself. To the feelings that you know. I'm needin' all that you can give me. All the things that you do so well. Words are healin', sweet anticipation. Makin' spells as the shadows close in. And fall across all our yesterdays. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. Disappear, disappear. Disappear, disappear. Disappear, disappear. Disappear, disappear. Say if I could. Look into myself and reason. But I could never never see or. Make sense of the deal. Turn around I'm lookin' at salvation. Make me realize all that I am, baby. You put the light inside this man. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. You're so fine, lose my mind. And the world seems to disappear. All the problems, all the fears. And the world seems to disappear. You're so fineWhile the sun hangs in the sky and the desert has sand. While the waves crash in the sea and meet the land. While there's a wind and the stars and the rainbow. Till the mountains crumble into the plain. . Oh yes we'll keep on tryin', tread that fine line. Oh we'll keep on tryin', yeah, just passing our time. . While we live according to race, color or creed. While we rule by blind madness and pure greed. Our lives dictated by tradition, superstition, false religion. Through the cons, and on and on. . Oh yes we'll keep on tryin', we'll tread that fine line. Oh oh we'll keep on tryin', till the end of time, till the end of time. Through the sorrow, all through our splendor. Don't take offense at my innuendo. . You can be anything you want to be. Just turn yourself into anything you think that you could. Ever be be free with your tempo be free, be free. Surrender your ego be free, be free to yourself. . If there's a God or any kind of justice under the sky. If there's a point, if there's a reason to live or die. If there's an answer to the questions we feel bound to ask. Show yourself, destroy our fears, release your mask. . Oh yes we'll keep on trying, hey tread that fine line. Yeah, we'll keep on smiling, yeah. Yeah, yeah and whatever will be, will be. We'll keep on trying, we'll just keep on trying. Till the end of time, till the end of time, till the end of timeBring over some of your old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. . Let's dance together just for the night. Let's don't worry about the future or nothin' else. 'Cause just like the music's sayin' you gotta take chances. Go ahead just do it and trust yourself. . There's a soul in the city. Watching over us tonight. There's a soul in the city. Saying everything's gonna be all right. . So bring over some of your old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. . They wish us luck but they think we're just dreaming. Let's prove them wrong baby. 'Cause you know what luck is, luck is believing you're lucky. That's all and showing just a little bit of faith. . There's a soul in the city. Watching over us I swear. There's a soul in the city. There's a whole world waiting out there. . Listen, I got plans for us, playing like a skip on a record. Through my head all night long. But when we walk that darkened stairway and step out on the roof. I know what we're feeling can't be wrong. . Bring over some of your old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. . Bring over some of your old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. Let the temptations sing it one time. . Bring over some of you old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. . Bring over some of you old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. How sweet it is honey. . Bring over some of you old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll go. On the roof and listen to the miracles. Echo to the alley down below. . Bring over some of you old Motown records. We'll put the speakers in the window and we'll goCalling Elvis. Is anybody home?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all alone. Did he leave the building?. Or can he come to the phone?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all alone. Well tell him I was calling. Just to wish him well. Let me leave my number. Heartbreak hotel. Oh love me tender. Baby, don't be cruel. Return to sender. Treat me like a fool. Calling Elvis. Is anybody home?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all alone. Did he leave the building?. Can he come to the phone?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all alone. Alright. Why don't you go get him?. I'm his biggest fan. You gotta tell him. He's still the man. Long distance, baby. So far from home. Don't you think maybe. You could put him on. Tell him I was calling. Just to wish him well. Let me leave my number. Heartbreak Hotel. Oh, love me tender. Baby, don't be cruel. Return to sender. Treat me like a fool. Calling Elvis. Is anybody home?. Calling Elvis. Here all alone. Did he leave the building?. Or can he come to the phone?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all alone. Calling Elvis. Is anybody home?. Calling Elvis. Here all alone. Did he leave the building?. Or can he come to the phone?. Calling Elvis. I'm here all aloneEmpty spaces - what are we living for. Abandoned places - I guess we know the score. On and on, does anybody know what we are looking for.... Another hero, another mindless crime. Behind the curtain, in the pantomime. Hold the line, does anybody want to take it anymore. The show must go on,. The show must go on. Inside my heart is breaking. My make-up may be flaking. But my smile still stays on.. Whatever happens, I'll leave it all to chance. Another heartache, another failed romance. On and on, does anybody know what we are living for?. I guess I'm learning, I must be warmer now. I'll soon be turning, round the corner now. Outside the dawn is breaking. But inside in the dark I'm aching to be free. The show must go on. The show must go on. Inside my heart is breaking. My make-up may be flaking. But my smile still stays on. My soul is painted like the wings of butterflies. Fairytales of yesterday will grow but never die. I can fly - my friends. The show must go on. The show must go on. I'll face it with a grin. I'm never giving in. On - with the show -. I'll top the bill, I'll overkill. I have to find the will to carry on. On with the -. On with the show -. The show must go on...Sometimes I get to feelin'. I was back in the old days, long ago. When we were kids, when we were young. Things seemed so perfect, you know. The days were endless, we were crazy, we were young. The sun was always shinin' we just lived for fun. Sometimes it seems like lately, I just don't know. The rest of my life's been just a show. Those were the days of our lives. The bad things in life were so few. Those days are all gone now but one thing is true. When I look and I find, I still love you. You can't turn back the clock. You can't turn back the tide, ain't that a shame?. I'd like to go back one time on a roller coaster ride. When life was just a game. No use in sitting and thinkin' on what you did. When you can lay back and enjoy it through your kids. Sometimes it seems like lately, I just don't know. Better sit back and go with the flow. These are the days of our lives. They've flown in the swiftness of time. These days are all gone now but somethings remain. When I look and I find, no change. Those were the days of our lives, yeah. The bad things in life were so few. Those days are all gone now but one thing's still true. When I look and I find, I still love you, I still love youWe are a rock revolving. Around a golden sun. We are a billion children. Rolled into one. So when I hear about. The hole in the sky. Saltwater wells in my eyes. We climb the highest mountain. We'll make the desert bloom. We're so ingenious. We can walk on the moon. But when I hear of how. The forests have died. Saltwater wells in my eyes. I have lived for love. But now that's not enough. For the world I love is dying. (And now I'm crying). And time is not a friend. (No friend of mine). As friends we're out of time. And it's slowly passing by. Right before our eyes. We light the deepest ocean. Send photographs of Mars. We're so enchanted by. How clever we are. Why should one baby. Feel so hungry she cries. Saltwater wells in my eyes. I have lived for love. But now that's not enough. For the world I love is dying. (And now I'm crying). And time is not a friend. (No friend of mine). As friends we're out of time. And it's slowly passing by. Right before our eyes. We are a rock revolving. Around a golden sun. We are a billion children. Rolled into one. What will I think of me. The day that I die. Saltwater wells in my eyes. Saltwater wells in my eyesWould you know my name. If I saw you in heaven?. Would it be the same. If I saw you in heaven?. I must be strong. And carry on. 'Cause I know I don't belong. Here in heaven. Would you hold my hand. If I saw you in heaven?. Would you help me stand. If I saw you in heaven?. I'll find my way. Through night and day. 'Cause I know I just can't stay. Here in heaven. Time can bring you down. Time can bend your knees. Time can break your heart. Have you begging please. Begging please. Beyond the door. There's peace, I'm sure. And I know there'll be no more. Tears in heaven. Would you know my name. If I saw you in heaven?. Would it be the same. If I saw you in heaven?. I must be strong. And carry on. 'Cause I know I don't belong. Here in heavenI can't light. No more of your darkness. All my pictures. Seem to fade to black and white. I'm growing tired. And time stands still before me. Frozen here. On the ladder of my life. It's much too late. To save myself from falling. I took a chance. And changed your way of life. But you misread. My meaning when I met you. Closed the door. And left me blind by the light. Don't let the sun go down on me. Although I search myself it's always someone else I see. I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free. But losing everything is like the sun going down on me. {Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Elton John!}. I can't find. Oh, the right romantic line. But see me once. And see the way I feel. Don't discard me, baby don't. Just because you think I mean you harm. Just because you think I mean you harm, oh. But these cuts I have (cuts I have). They need love (they need love, they need love), to help them heal. Oh, don't let the sun go down on me. Although I search myself it's always someone else I see. I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free, oh. Cause' losing everything is like the sun going down on me. Don't let the sun go down on me. Although I search myself it's always someone else that I see, yeah. I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free baby, oh. Cause' losing everything is like the sun going down on me. {Mr. Elton John}Is it getting better?. Or do you feel the same?. Will it make it easier on you now?. You got someone to blame. You say, one love, one life. When it's one need in the night. One love, we get to share it. Leaves you baby if you don't care for it. Did I disappoint you?. Or leave a bad taste in your mouth?. You act like you never had love. And you want me to go without. Well it's too late tonight. To drag the past out into the light. We're one but we're not the same. We get to carry each other, carry each other. One!. Have you come here for forgiveness?. Have you come to raise the dead?. Have you come here to play Jesus?. To the lepers in your head. Did I ask too much? More than a lot. You gave me nothin' now it's all I got. We're one but we're not the same. Well we hurt each other then we do it again. You say love is a temple, love a higher law. Love is a temple, love the higher law. You ask me to enter but then you make me crawl. And I can't be holdin' on to what you got. When all you got is hurt. One love, one blood. One life, you got to do what you should. One life, with each other. Sisters, brothers. One life but we're not the same. We get to carry each other, carry each other. One. OneI saw you dancin' out the ocean. Running fast along the sand. A spirit born of earth and water. Fire flying from your hands. In the instant that you love someone. In the second that the hammer hits. Reality runs up your spine. And the pieces finally fit. And all I ever needed was the one. Like freedom fields where wild horses run. When stars collide like you and I. No shadows block the sun. You're all I've ever needed. Babe, you're the one. There are caravans we follow. Drunken nights in dark hotels. When chances breathe between the silence. Where sex and love no longer gel. For each man in his time is Cain. Until he walks along the beach. And sees his future in the water. A long lost heart within his reach. And all I ever needed was the one. Like freedom fields where wild horses run. When stars collide like you and I. No shadows block the sun. You're all I've ever needed. Ooh babe, you're the one. And all I ever needed was the one. Like freedom fields where wild horses run. When stars collide like you and I. No shadows block the sun. You're all I've ever needed. Ooh babe, you're the one. And all I ever needed was the one. Like freedom fields where wild horses run. When stars collide like you and I. No shadows block the sun. You're all I've ever needed. Ooh babe, you're the oneI blame you for the moonlit sky. And the dream that died with the Eagle's flight. I blame you for the moonlit nights. When I wonder why are the seas still dry?. Don't blame this sleeping satellite. Did we fly to the moon too soon?. Did we squander the chance? In the rush of the race. The reason we chase is lost in romance. And still we try to justify the waste. For a taste of man's greatest adventure. I blame you for the moonlit sky. And the dream that died with the Eagle's flight. I blame you for the moonlit nights. When I wonder why are the seas still dry?. Don't blame this sleeping satellite. Have we got what it takes to advance?. Did we peak too soon? If the world is so green. Then why does it scream under a blue moon?. We wonder why the earth's sacrificed. For the price of its greatest treasure. I blame you for the moonlit sky. And the dream that died with the Eagle's flight. I blame you for the moonlit nights. When I wonder why are the seas still dry?. Don't blame this sleeping satellite. And when we shoot for the stars. What a giant step have we got what it takes. To carry the weight of this concept?. Or pass it by like a shot in the dark. Miss the mark with a sense of adventure. I blame you for the moonlit sky. And the dream that died with the Eagle's flight. I blame you for the moonlit nights. When I wonder why are the seas still dry?. Don't blame this sleeping satelliteLove's like a road that you travel on. When there's one day here and the next day gone. Sometimes you bend, sometimes you stand. Sometimes you turn your back to the wind. There's a world outside every darkened door. Where blues won't haunt you anymore. Where the brave are free and lovers soar. Come ride with me to the distant shore. We won't hesitate, break down the garden gate. There's not much time left today. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. If you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. Through all these cities and all these towns. It's in my blood and it's all around. I loved you now like I loved you then. This is the road and these are the ends. From Mozambique to those Memphis nights. The Khyber Pass to Vancouver's lights. Knock me down, I'm back up again. You're in my blood, I'm not a lonely man. There's no load I can't hold. A road so rough this I know. I'll be there when the light comes in. Just tell 'em we're survivors. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. And if you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. If you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. There was a distance between you and I. A misunderstanding once. But now we look it in the eye. There ain't no load that I can't hold. A road so rough, this I know. I'll be there when the light comes in. Just tell 'em we're survivors. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. If you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. A-gimme gimme gimme gimme yeah!. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. If you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. A-gimme gimme gimme gimme yeah!. Life is a highway. I want to ride it all night long. If you're going my way. I want to drive it all night long. A-gimme gimme gimme gimme yeah!Do you wanna get rocked?. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. I'm your average ordinary everyday kid. Happy to do nothin', in fact that's what I did. I got a million ways to make my day but Daddy don't agree. 'Cause when I try to get away, he says, he got plans for me. "Get your butt right out of bed". Stop buggin' me. "Get up and move your sleepy head". Don't shake my tree. He said, "Mow the lawn", who me?. "Walk the dog", not my style, man. "Take out the trash", no way. "Tidy your room", c'mon, get real. Sorry Dad, gotta disappear. Let's get the rock out of here. Seven day weekend, up all night. In at the deep end, hang on tight. It won't take a minute, it won't take long. So get on in it, come on, come on, come on. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Let's go all the way, get it night and day. Come on, let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. I'm your average ordinary everyday dude. Drivin' with my baby to get her in the mood. She's dialin' through my radio and I'm ready to make my move. What she got ain't rock 'n' roll and it really blew my groove. It was Chopin, Mozart, Beethoven. It makes me wanna scream. Bach, Tchaikovsky, violins. Turn it off, that ain't my scene. Well, I'm sorry, girl, here's my confession. I suppose a rock's out of the question. Seven day weekend, up all night. In at the deep end, hang on tight. It won't take a minute, it won't take long. So get on in it, come on, come on, come on. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Let's go all the way, get it night and day. Come on, let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Hey, all I wanna do is take a ride into the blue. Every time I wanna love you, I get stuck inside my room. Heaven knows I'm sick and tired of dancin' with this broom. I feel lucky today. Hey, look at that, man. Do you wanna get rocked?. Do you wanna get rocked?. Ho, it won't take you a minute. It won't take that long. So get on, get with it. Oh, come on everybody. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Get on top, baby. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Do you wanna, do you wanna?. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Get on top of it. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Love to rock your body, baby. Let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Let's go all the way, let's do it night and day. Let's get out and play, rock the night away. Come on, let's get, let's get, let's get, let's get rocked. Do you wanna get rocked?You and me we were the pretenders. We let it all slip away. In the end what you don't surrender. Well the world just strips away. Girl, ain't no kindness in the face of strangers. Ain't gonna find no miracles here. Well you can wait on your blesses my darling. I got a deal for you right here. I ain't looking for praise or pity. I ain't coming 'round searching for a crutch. I just want someone to talk to. And a little of that human touch. Just a little of that human touch. . Ain't no mercy on the streets of this town. Ain't no bread from heavenly skies. Ain't nobody drawing wine from this blood. It's just you and me tonight. Tell me, in a world without pity. Do you think what i'm askin's too much. I just want something to hold on to. And a little of that human touch. Just a little of that human touch. . Oh girl that feeling of safety that you prize. Well it comes at a hard hard price. You can't shut off the risk and the pain. Without losing the love that remains. We're all riders on this train. . So you've been broken and you've been hurt. Show me somebody who ain't. Yeah, i know i ain't nobody's bargain. But, hell, a little touch up and a little paint.... You might need something to hold on to. When all the answers, they don't amount to much. Somebody that you could just to talk to. And a little of that human touch. Baby, in a world without pity. Do you think what i'm askin's too much. I just want to feel you in my arms. Share a little of that human touch. Feel a little of that human touch. Give me a little of that human touchHold on my heart. Just hold on to that feeling. We both know we've been here before. We both know what can happen. Hold on my heart. 'Cause I'm looking over your shoulder. Ooh, please don't rush in this time. Don't show her how you feel. Hold on my heart. Throw me a lifeline. I'll keep a place for you. Somewhere deep inside. So hold on my heart. Please tell her to be patient. 'Cause there has never been a time. That I wanted something more. If I can recall this feeling. And I know there's a chance. Oh, I will be there. Yes, I will be there. Be there for you. Whenever you want me to. Whenever you call, oh, I will be there. Yes, I will be there. Hold on my heart. Don't let her see you crying. No matter where I go. She'll always be with me. So hold on my heart. Just hold on to that feeling. We both know we've been here before. We both know what can happen. So hold on my heart. Just hold on my heart. I'm gonna hold on to that heart. Hold on, just hold on. Just hold on, just hold on. Just hold on, hold on, hold onNAMother mother tell your children. Their time has just begun. I have suffered for my anger. These wars can't be won. . Father father believe me. I am laying down my guns. I am broken like an arrow. Forgive me, forgive your wayward son. . Everybody needs somebody to love. Everybody needs somebody. . Faith you know you're gonna live through the rain. Gotta keep the faith. Don't you let love turn to hate. Gotta keep the faith keep the faith. . Tell me baby when I hurt you. Do you keep it all inside. Do you tell me all's forgiven. And hide behind your pride. . Everybody needs somebody to love. Everybody needs somebody. . Faith you know you're gonna live through the rain. Keep the faith, though you know its never too late. Keep the faith don't let love turn to hate. You gotta keep the faith, keep the faith, keep the faith. Keep the faith, keep the faith, keep the faith. . Faith you know you're gonna live through the rain. Keep the faith don't let love turn to hate. Keep the faith you know you're gonna live through the rain. Keep the faith, though you know it's never too late. Keep the faith, keep the faith, keep the faith. Keep the faith, keep the faith, keep the faith. . Everybody needs somebody to love. Everybody needs somebody. . Mother mother tell your children. Everybody keep the faith. Father father, please believe me. Everybody needs, everybody. Keep the faith, keep the faith, keep the faithHot sun beating down. burning my feet just walking around.. Hot sun making me sweat. 'Gators getting close, hasn't got me yet. I can't dance, I can't talk.. Only thing about me is the way I walk.. I can't dance, I can't sing. I'm just standing here selling everything.. Blue jeans sitting on the beach,. her dog's talking to me, but she's out of reach.. She's got a body under that shirt,. but all she wants to do is rub my face in the dirt.. Cos, I can't dance, I can't talk.. Only thing about me is the way I walk.. I can't dance, I can't sing. I'm just standing here selling.. Oh and checking everything is in place,. you never know who's looking on.. Young punk spilling beer on my shoes,. fat guy's talking to me trying to steal my blues.. Thick smoke, see her smiling through.. I never thought so much could happen just shooting pool.. But I can't dance, I can't talk.. The only thing about me is the way that I walk.. I can't dance, I can't sing. I'm just standing here selling. Oh and checking everything is in place. You never know who's looking on. A perfect body with a perfect face - uh-huh.. No, I can't dance, I can't talk.. The only thing about me is the way I walk.. No, I can't dance, I can't sing. I'm just standing here selling everything.. But I can walk.. No I can't dance.. No no no I can't dance. No I said I can't sing.. But I can walk.We are lovers through and through and though. We made it through the storm. I really want you to realize. I really want to put you on. I've been searchin' for someone. To satisfy my every need. Won't you be my inspiration. Be the real love that I need. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Ooh, when I met you I just knew. That you would take my heart and run. Until you told me how you felt for me. You said I'm not the one. So I slowly came to see. All of the things that you were made of. And now I hope my dreams and inspirations. Lead me to want some real love. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. I got to have a real love. Love so true and oh baby, I thought that your love was true. I thought you were the answer to the questions in my mind. But it seems that I was wrong. If I stay strong maybe I'll find my real love. So I try my best and pray to God. He'll send me someone real. To caress me and to guide me. Towards a love my heart can feel. Now, I know I can be faithful. I can be your all in all. I'll give you good lovin' through. The summer time, winter, spring and fall. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. You see I'm searching for a real love and I don't know where to go.  (Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love). Been around the world and high and low and still I'll never know.  (Someone to set my heart free). How it feels to have a real love 'cause it seems it's not around.  (Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love). Gotta end it in this way because it seems he can't be found. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love. Someone to set my heart free. Real love, I'm searchin' for a real love, real loveWalking 'round the room singing Stormy Weather. At Fifty Seven Mount Pleasant Street. Well it's the same room, but everything's different. You can fight the sleep, but not the dream. Things ain't cookin' in my kitchen. Strange affliction wash over me. Julius Caesar and the Roman Empire. Couldn't conquer the blue sky. Well, there's a small boat made of china. It's going nowhere on the mantlepiece. Well, do I lie like a loungeroom lizard. Or do I sing like a bird released?. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather, the weather with you. Instrumental. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather, take the weather, the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather. Everywhere you go, always take the weather with you. Everywhere you go, always take the weather, take the weather, the weather with youWhy don't you stop and look me over?. Am I the same girl you used to know?. Why don't you stop and think it over?. Am I the same girl who knew her soul?. . I'm the one you want and I'm the one you need. I'm the one you love, I'm the one you used to meet. Around the corner everyday we would meet and slip away. But we were much too young to love each other this way. . Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. . Why don't you stop and look me over?. Am I the same girl you used to know?. Why don't you stop and think it over?. Am I the same girl who knew her soul?. . I'm the one you hurt and I'm the one you need. I'm the one who cried, I'm the one you used to meet. But you are pretending you don't care but the fire is still there. Now we are no longer too young to love each other this way. . Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. Am I the same girl? Yes I am, yes I am. . You ever feel the need for something more. With every week comes scratching at your door. You ever stopped and wonder what it is you're searching for. Push your luck too far with me. But if you push it any further you won't have any. . Am I the same girl?. Am I the same girl?. Am I the same girl?. ...I hate the rain and sunny weather. And I, I hate beach and mountains too. And I don't like a thing about the city, no no. And I, I, I hate the countryside too. . And I hate everything about you. Everything about you. . And I don't like a thing about your mother. And I, I hate your daddy's guts too. And I don't like a thing about your sister, no no. 'Cause I, I, I think sex is overrated too. . And I, get sick when I'm around. I can't stand to be around. I hate everything about you, everything about you. Everything about you, everything about you. . Some say I've got a bad attitude. But that don't change the way I feel about you. And if you think this might be bringing me down. Look again 'cause I ain't wearing no frown. . Well I don't really care about your sister. Fuck the little bitch 'cause I already kissed her. One thing that I did to your lady. I put her on the bed and she didn't say maybe. . I know, you know, everybody knows. The way it comes, the way it's gonna go. You think it's sad, well that's too bad. 'Cause I'm havin' a ball hatin' every little thing about you. . Everything about you, everything about. I get sick when I'm around. I can't stand to be around. I hate everything about youDon't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want my lovin'?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want my lovin'?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want me?. Don't you want my love?. Don't you want my lovin'?Winding your way down to Baker Street. light in your head and dead on your feet. but another crazy day you drink the night away. and forget about everything. This city desert makes me feel so cold. it's got so many people but it's got no soul. and it's taken me so long to find out you were gone. when you thought about everything. Used to think that it was so easy used to say that it was so easy. but you're trying you're trying now. another year & then U'll be happy just one more year & then you'll be happy. you're crying you're crying now. Way down the street there's a light in this place. he opens the door he's got that look on his face. and he asks you where you've been tell him who you've seen. and you talk about anything. He's got this dream about buying some land. he's gonna give up the booze and the one night stand. and then he'll settle down in this quiet little town. and forget about everything. But you know he's gonna keep moving no he's never gonna stop moving. he's rolling he's the rolling stone. when you wake up it's a new morning the sun is shining it's a new morning. you're going you're going home. Winding your way down to Baker Street. light in your head and dead on your feet. but another crazy day you drink the night away. and forget about everything.. Used to think that it was so easy used to say that it was so easy. you're trying, you're trying now.. Another year then you'll be happy. Just one more year then you'll be happy. you're crying you're crying nowWise men say - Only fools rush in,. But I can't help falling in love with you.. Wise men say - Only fools rush in,. But I can't help falling in love with you.. Shall I stay - Would it be a sin,. But I can't help falling in love with you.. As the river flows. gently to the sea. Darling so we go. some things were meant to be. Take my hand - Take my whole life too,. But I can't help falling in love with you.. As the river flows. gently to the sea. Darling so we go. some things were meant to be. Take my hand - Take my whole life too,. But I can't help falling in love with you.. I can't help falling in love with you.. I can't help falling in love with you.. I can't help falling in love with you.And I would do anything for love. I'd run right into hell and back. I would do anything for love. I'll never lie to you and that's a fact. But I'll never forget the way you feel right now. Oh no, no way.. And I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No I won't do that. Anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No I won't do that. And some days, it don't come easy. And some days it don't come hard. Some days it don't come at all. And these are the days that never end. And some nights you're breathing fire. And some nights you're carved in ice. Some nights you're like nothing I've ever seen before. Or will again. And maybe I'm crazy. Oh it's crazy and it's true. I know you can save me. No one else can save me now but you. As long as the planets are turning. As long as the stars are burning. As long as your dreams are coming true. You better believe it. That I would do anything for love. I'll be there till the final act. And I would do anything for love!. And I'll take the vow and seal a pact. But I'll never forgive myself if we don't go all the way. Tonight. And I would do anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No I wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just won't do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just won't do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just won't do that. And somedays I pray for silence. And somedays I pray for soul. Somedays I just pray to the God of Sex and Drums and Rock 'N Roll.. And some nights I lose the feeling. And some nights I lose control. Some nights I just lose it all when I watch you dance and the thunder rolls. And maybe I'm lonely. That's all I'm qualified to be. There's just one and only. The one and only promise I can keep. As long as the wheels are turning. As long as the fires burning. As long as your prayers are coming true. You better believe it. That I would do anything for love. And you know it's true and that's a fact. And I would do anything for love. And there'll never be no turning back. But I'll never do it better then I do it with you. So long. So long. And I would do anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No, no, no I won't do.... I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. I would do anything for love. Anything you've been dreaming of. But I just wont do that. But I'll never stop dreaming of you every night of my life. No way. And I would do anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No I won't do that. Will you raise me up?. Will you help me down?. Will you get me right out of this Godforsaken town?. Will you make it all a little less cold?. I can do that!. Oh I can do that!. Will you hold me sacred?. Will you hold me tight?. Can you colorize my life I'm so sick of black and white?. Can you make it all a little less old?. I can do that. Oh oh now i can do that. Will you make me some magic with your own two hands?. Can you build an emerald city with these grains of sand?. Can you give me something I can take home?. Now I can do that. Oh now I can do that. Will you cater to every fantasy I got?. Will you hose me down with holy water, if I get too hot! (HOT)?. Will you take me places I've never known?. Now I can do that. Oh, oh now I can do that!. After a while to forget everything. It was a brief interlude and a midsummer night's fling. And you'll see that its time to move on. I won't do that. I won't do that. I know the territory. I've been around. It'll all turn to dust. And we'll all fall down. And sooner or later you'll be screwing around. I won't do that!. No, I won't do that!. Anything for love. Oh I would do anything for love. I would do anything for love. But I won't do that. No I won't do thatIn the middle of the night. I go walking in my sleep. From the mountains of faith. To a river so deep. I must be looking for something. Something sacred I lost. But the river is wide. And it's too hard to cross. . And even though I know the river is wide. I walk down every evening and I stand on the shore. And try to cross to the opposite side. So I can finally find out what I've been looking for. . In the middle of the night. I go walking in my sleep. Through the valley of fear. To a river so deep. And I've been searching for something. Taken out of my soul. Something I would never lose. Something somebody stole. . I don't know why I go walking at night. But now I'm tired and I don't want to walk anymore. I hope it doesn't take the rest of my life. Until I find what it is that I've been looking for. . In the middle of the night. I go walking in my sleep. Through the jungle of doubt. To a river so deep. I know I'm searching for something. Something so undefined. That it can only be seen. By the eyes of the blind. In the middle of the night. . I'm not sure about a life after this. God knows I've never been a spiritual man. Baptized by the fire, I wade into the river. That runs to the promised land. . In the middle of the night. I go walking in my sleep. Though the desert of truth. To the river so deep. We all end in the ocean. We all start in the streams. We're all carried along. By the river of dreams. In the middle of the nightWhen I wake up, well I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to you. When I go out, yeah I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you. If I get drunk, well I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who gets drunk next to you. And if I haver, hey I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's havering to you. But I would walk 500 miles. And I would walk 500 more. Just to be the man who walks a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. When I'm working, yes I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's working hard for you. And when the money comes in for the work I do. I'll pass almost every penny on to you. When I come home, oh I know I'm gonna be. (When I come home). I'm gonna be the man who comes back home to you. And if I grow old, well I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's growing old with you. But I would walk 500 miles. And I would walk 500 more. Just to be the man who walks a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. When I'm lonely, well I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's lonely without you. And when I'm dreaming, well I know I'm gonna dream. I'm gonna dream about the time when I'm with you. When I go out, well I know I'm gonna be. (When I go out). I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you. And when I come home, yes I know I'm gonna be. (When I come home). I'm gonna be the man who comes back home with you. I'm gonna be the man who's coming home with you. But I would walk 500 miles. And I would walk 500 more. Just to be the man who walks a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. Da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da, da d-da da. Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle a da da. And I would walk 500 miles. And I would walk 500 more. Just to be the man who walked a thousand miles. To fall down at your doorI heard from a friend today, and she. Said you were in town. Suddenly the memorises came back to me in. My mind. . How can i be strong I've asked myself. Time and time I've said. That I'll never fall in love with you again. . A wounded heart you gave. My soul you took away. Good intentions you had many. I know you did. I come from a place that hurts. God knows how I've cried. And I never want to return. Never fall again. . Making love to you felt so good and. Oh so right. . How can i be strong I've asked myself. Time and time I've said. That I'll never fall in love with you again. . So here we are alone again. Didn't think I'd come to this. And I know it all began. With just a little kiss. I've come to close to happiness. To have it swept away. Don't think I can take the pain. No never fall again. . Kinda late in the game. And my heart is in your hands. Don't you stand there and then tell me. You love me. Then leave again. 'Cause I'm falling in love with you again. . Hold me, hold me. Don't ever let me go. Say it just one time. Say you love me. God knows I do love you. AgainFreddie Mercury. Miscellaneous. Living On My Own. Sometimes I feel I'm gonna break down and cry  (so lonely). Nowhere to go, nothing to do with my time. I get lonely, so lonely, living on my own.. . Sometimes I feel I'm always walking too fast  (so lonely). And everything is coming down on me, down on me, I go crazy. Oh so crazy - living on my own.. . Dee do de de, dee do de de. I don't have no time for no monkeybusiness. Dee do de de, dee do de de. I get so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, yeah. Got to be some good times ahead. . Sometimes I feel nobody gives me no warning. Find my head is always up in the clouds in a dreamworld. It's not easy - living on my own, my own, my own. . Dee do de de, dee do de de. I don't have no time for no monkeybusiness. Dee do de de, dee do de de. I get so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, yeah. Got to be some good times ahead. . repeat chorusThere was a time. When I was so broken hearted. Love wasn't much of a friend of mine. The tables have turned, yeah. 'Cause me and them ways have parted. That kind of love was the killin' kind. Now listen. All I want is someone I can't resist. I know all I need to know by the way that I got kissed. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm tryin' to forget you. Love is sweet misery. I was cryin' just to get you. Now I'm dyin' cause I let you. Do what you do - down on me. Now there's not even breathin' room. Between pleasure and pain. Yeah you cry when we're makin' love. Must be one and the same. It's down on me. Yeah I got to tell you one thing. It's been on my mind. Girl I gotta say. We're partners in crime. You got that certain something. What you give to me. Takes my breath away. Now the word out on the street. Is the devil's in your kiss. If our love goes up in flames. It's a fire I can't resist. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm tryin' to forget you. Your love is sweet misery. I was cryin' just to get you. Now I'm dyin' cause I let you. Do what you do to me. 'Cause what you got inside. Ain't where your love should stay. Yeah, our love, sweet love, ain't love. If you give your heart away. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm tryin' to forget you. Your love is sweet misery. I was cryin' just to get you. Now I'm dyin' just to let you. Do what you do what you do down to me. baby, baby, baby. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm tryin' to forget you. Your love is sweet misery. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm dyin' cause I let you. Do what you do down to, down to, down to, down to. I was cryin' when I met you. Now I'm dyin' to forget you. Your love is sweet. I was cryin' when I met you...Sting. Fields Of Gold. If I Ever Lose My Faith In You. You could say I lost my faith in science and progress. You could say I lost my belief in the holy church. You could say I lost my sense of direction. You could say all of this and worse, but. If I ever lose my faith in you. There'd be nothing left for me to do. . Some would say I was a lost man in a lost world. You could say I lost my faith in the people on T.V.. You could say I'd lost my belief in our politicians. They all seemed like game show hosts to me. If I ever lose my faith in you. There'd be nothing left for me to do. I could be lost inside their lies without a trace. But every time I close my eyes, I see your face. . I never saw no miracle of science. That didn't go from a blessing to a curse. I never saw no military solution. That didn't always end up as something worse,. But let me say this first. . If I ever lose my faith in you. If I ever lose my faith in you. There'd be nothing left for me to do. There'd be nothing left for me to do. If I ever lose my faith. If I ever lose my faith. If I ever lose my faith. If I ever lose my faith in youHave I told you lately that I love you?. Have I told you there's no one else above you?. Fill my heart with gladness take away all my sadness. Ease my troubles that's what you do. . For the morning sun in all it's glory. Greets the day with hope and comfort too. You fill my life with laughter and somehow you make it better. Ease my troubles that's what you do. . There's a love that's divine. And it's yours and it's mine like the sun. And at the end of the day. We should give thanks and pray to the one, to the one. . Have I told you lately that I love you?. Have I told you there's no one else above you?. Fill my heart with gladness take away all my sadness. Ease my troubles that's what you do. . There's a love that's divine. And it's yours and it's mine like the sun. And at the end of the day. We should give thanks and pray to the one, to the one. . And have I told you lately that I love you?. Have I told you there's no one else above you?. You fill my heart with gladness take away my sadness. Ease my troubles that's what you do. . Take away all my sadness fill my life with gladness. Ease my troubles that's what you do. Take away all my sadness fill my life with gladness. Ease my troubles that's what you doMy child arrived just the other day, came to the world in the usual way. But there were planes to catch and bills to pay. He learned to walk while I was away. He was talkin' 'fore I knew it and as he grew he said. "I'm gonna be like you, dad, you know I'm gonna be like you". . And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man on the moon. When you comin' home? Son, I don't know when. We'll get together then, you know we'll have a good time then". . Well, my son turned ten just the other day. He said, "Thanks for the ball, dad come on, let's play. Could you teach me to throw?" I said, "Not today, I got a lot to do". He said, 'That's okay", And he, he walked away. And he smiled and he said, "You know, I'm gonna be like him, yeah. You know I'm gonna be like him". . And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man on the moon. When you comin' home? Son, I don't know when. We'll get together then, you know we'll have a good time then. . Well, he came from college just the other day. So much like a man I just had to say. "I'm proud of you, could you sit for a while?". He shook his head and he said with a smile. "What I'd really like, dad, is to borrow the car keys. See you later, can I have them please?". . And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man on the moon. When you comin' home? Son, I don't know when. We'll get together then, you know we'll have a good time then. . I've long since retired, my son's moved away. I called him up just the other day, "I'd like to see you, if you don't mind". He said, "I'd love to, dad, if I could find the time. You see my new job's a hassle and the kids have the flu. But it's sure nice talkin' to you, dad, it's been sure nice talkin' to you". . And as I hung up the phone it occurred to me. He'd grown up just like me, my boy was just like me. . And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man on the moon. When you comin' home? Son, I don't know when. We'll get together then, you know we'll have a good time then. . And the cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon. Little boy blue and the man on the moon. When you comin' home? Son, I don't know when. We'll get together then, you know we'll have a good time thenSitting here wasted and wounded at this old piano. Trying hard to capture the moment this morning I don't know. 'Cause a bottle of Vodka is still lodged in my head. And some blond gave me nightmares, I think that she's still in my bed. As I dream about movies they won't make of me when I'm dead. . With an ironclad fist I wake up and French kiss the morning. While some marching band keeps it's own beat. In my head while we're talking. About all of the things that I long to believe. About love, the truth and what you mean to me. And the truth is, baby, you're all that I need. . I wanna lay you down on a bed of roses. For tonight I sleep on a bed of nails. Oh, I wanna be just as close as the Holy Ghost is. And lay you down on a bed of roses. . Well, I'm so far away that each step that I take is on my way home. A king's ransom in dimes I'd given each night. Just to see through this payphone. Still I run out of time or it's hard to get through. Till the bird on the wire flies me back to you. I'll just close my eyes and whisper, "Baby, blind love is true". . I wanna lay you down on a bed of roses. For tonight I sleep on a bed of nails. Oh, I wanna be just as close as the Holy Ghost is. And lay you down on a bed of roses. . Well, this hotel bar's hangover, the whiskey's gone dry. The barkeeper's wig's crooked and she's giving me the eye. I might have said, "Yeah". But I laughed so hard, I think I died. Oo yeah. . Now as you close your eyes, know I'll be thinking about you. While my mistress, she calls me to stand in her spotlight again. Tonight, I won't be alone but you know that don't mean I'm not lonely. I've got nothing to prove for it's you that I'd die to defend. . I wanna lay you down on a bed of roses. For tonight I sleep on a bed of nails. Oh, I wanna be just as close as the Holy Ghost is. And lay you down. . I wanna lay you down on a bed of roses. For tonight I sleep on a bed of nails. Oh, I wanna be just as close as the Holy Ghost is. And lay you down on a bed of rosesThey can come true. They can come true. Move a step closer. You know that I want you. I can tell by your eyes. That you want me too. Just a question of time. I knew we'd be together. And that you'd be mine. I want you here forever. Do you hear what I'm saying. Gotta say how I feel. I can't believe you're here. But I know that you're real. I know what I want. And baby it's you. I can't deny my feelings. Because they are true. Dreams can come true. Look at me babe, I'm with you. You know you gotta have hope. You know you gotta be strong. Dreams can come true. Look at me babe, I'm with you. You know you gotta have hope. You know you gotta be strong. I've seen you sometimes. On your own and in crowds. I knew I had to have you. My hopes didn't let me down. Now you're by my side. And I feel so good. I've nothing to hide. Don't feel that I ever could. Do you hear what I'm saying. Gotta say how I feel. I can't believe you're here. But I know that you're real. I know what I want. And baby it's you. Can't deny my feelings. Because they are true. Dreams can come true. Look at me babe, I'm with you. You know you gotta have hope. You know you gotta be strong. Dreams can come true. Look at me babe, I'm with you. You know you gotta have hope. You know you gotta be strong. I'm not making plans for tomorrow. Let's live for tonight. I know I want you baby. So hold me so tight. Put your arms around me. You make me feel so safe. Then you whisper in my ear. That you're here to stay. Dreams can come true. Look at me babe, I'm with you. You know you gotta have hope. You know you gotta be strongThere's somethin' wrong with the world today. I don't know what it is. Something's wrong with our eyes. We're seeing things in a different way. And God knows it ain't His. It sure ain't no surprise. We're livin' on the edge. We're livin' on the edge. We're livin' on the edge. We're livin' on the edge. There's somethin' wrong with the world today. The light bulb's gettin' dim. There's meltdown in the sky. If you can judge a wise man. By the color of his skin. Then mister you're a better man that I. We're livin' on the edge. You can't help yourself from fallin'. Livin' on the edge. You can't help yourself at all. Livin' on the edge. You can't stop yourself from fallin'. Livin' on the edge. Tell me what you think about your sit-u-a-tion. Complication - aggravation. Is getting to you. If chicken little tells you that the sky is fallin'. Even if it wasn't would you still come crawlin'. Back again?. I bet you would my friend. Again & again & again & again & again. Tell me what you think about your sit-u-a-tion. Complication - aggravation. Is getting to you. If chicken little tells you that the sky is fallin'. Even if it was would would you still come crawlin'. Back again?. I bet you would my friend. Again & again & again & again. There's something right with the world today. And everybody knows it's wrong. But we can tell 'em no or we could let it go. But I would rather be a hanging on. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself from fallin'. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself at all. Livin' On the Edge. You can't stop yourself from fallin'. Livin' On the Edge. Livin' On the Edge. Livin' On the Edge. Livin' On the Edge. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself from fallin'. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself at all. Livin' on the edge. You can't stop yourself from fallin'. Livin' on the edge. Livin' on the edge. You can't help yourself. You can't help yourself. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself at all. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself. You can't help yourself. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself. You can't help yourself. Livin' On the Edge. You can't help yourself from fallin'. Livin' On the Edge. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, you got to that nowI was born long ago. I am the chosen, I'm the one. I have come to save the day. And I won't leave until I'm done. . So, that's why you've got to try. You got to breath and have some fun. Though I'm not paid, I play this game. And I won't stop until I'm done. . But what I really want to know is. Are you gonna go my way ?. And I got to. Got to know. . I don't know why we always cry. This we must leave and get undone. We must engage and rearrange. And turn this planet back to one. . So, tell me why we got to die. And kill each other one by one. We've got to hurt and rub a dub. We've got to dance and be in love. . But what I really want to know is. Are you gonna go my way ?. And I got to. Got to know. . Are you gonna go my way ?. 'Cause baby I got to know, yeahGreen light, Seven Eleven. You stop in for a pack of cigarettes. You don't smoke, don't even want to. Hey now, check your change. Dressed up like a car crash. Your wheels are turnin' but you're upside down. You say when he hits you, you don't mind. Because when he hurts you, you feel alive. Oh, is that what it is?. Red lights, gray morning. You stumble out of a hole in the ground. A vampire or a victim, it depends on who's around. You used to stay in to watch the adverts. You could lip synch to the talk shows. And if you look, you look through me. And when you talk, you talk at me. And when I touch you, you don't feel a thing. If I could stay, then the night would give you up. Stay, and the day would keep its trust. Stay, and the night would be enough. Faraway, so close, up with the static and the radio. With satellite television. You can go anywhere, Miami, New Orleans. London, Belfast and Berlin. And, if you listen, I can't call. And, if you jump, you just might fall. And, if you shout, I'll only hear you. If I could stay, then the night would give you up. Stay, and the day would keep its trust. Stay with the demons you drowned, stay with the spirit I found. Stay, and the night would be enough. Three O'clock in the morning, it's quiet, there's no one around. Just the bang and the clatter. As an angel runs to ground, just the bang and the clatter. As an angel hits the groundYou'll remember me when the west wind moves. Upon the fields of barley. You'll forget the sun in his jealous sky. As we walk in fields of gold. So she took her love. For to gaze a while. Upon the fields of barley. In his arms she fell as her hair came down. Among the fields of gold. Will you stay with me?. Will you be my love?. Among the fields of barley. We'll forget the sun in his jealous sky. As we lie in fields of gold. See the west wind move like a lover so. Upon the fields of barley. Feel her body rise when you kiss her mouth. Among the fields of gold. I never made promises lightly. And there have been some that I've broken. But I swear in the days still left. We'll walk in fields of gold. We'll walk in fields of gold. Many years have passed since those summer days. Among the fields of barley. See the children run as the sun goes down. Among the fields of gold. You'll remember me when the west wind moves. Upon the fields of barley. You can tell the sun in his jealous sky. When we walked in fields of gold. When we walked in fields of gold. When we walked in fields of goldMine, immaculate dream made breath and skin. I've been waiting for you. Signed with a home tattoo. Happy birthday to you was created for you. Can't ever keep from falling apart at the seams. Can I believe you're taking my heart to pieces. Ahh, it'll take a little time. Might take a little crime to come undone. Now we'll try to stay blind to the hope and fear outside. Hey child, stay wilder than the wind and blow me in to cry. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. Words, playing me deja vu. Like a radio tune I swear I've heard before. Chill, is it something real?. Or the magic I'm feeding off your fingers. Can't ever keep from falling apart at the seams. Can I believe you're taking my heart to pieces. Lost, in a snow filled sky. We'll make it alright to come undone. Now we'll try to stay blind to the hope and fear outside. Hey child, stay wilder than the wind and blow me in to cry. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. . Can't ever keep from falling apart. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. Can't ever keep from falling apart. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undone. . Can't ever keep from falling apart. Who do you need?. Who do you love?. When you come undoneWhy don't you sit right back?. And I, I may tell you a tale. A tale of three little pigs. And a big, bad wolf. Well, the first little piggy, well, he was kinda hick. He spent most of his days just a dreamin' of the city. And then one day, he bought a guitar. He moved to Hollywood to become a star. But living on the farm, he knew nothing of the city. Built his house out of straw, what a pity. And then one day, jammin' on some chords. Along came the wolf, knocking on his door. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Well, I'm huffin', I'm puffin', I'll blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin' and a puffin' and I'll blow your house in. Well, the second little piggy, well, he was kinda stoked. He spent most of his day just in ganja smokin'. Huffin' and a puffin' down on Venice Beach. Getting paid money for religious speech. He built his shelter from what he garbage picked. Mostly made up of old cans and sticks. Then one day he was cranking out Bob Marley. And along came the wolf on his big, bad Harley. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Well, I'm huffin', I'm puffin', I'll blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin' and a puffin' and I'll blow your house in. Well, the third little piggy, the grade A student. His daddy was a rock star named Pig Nugent. Earned his Masters Degree from Harvard College. Built his house from his architect knowledge. A tri-level mansion, Hollywood Hills. Daddy's rock stardom, paid for the bills. And then one day came the old house smasher. The big, bad wolf, the little piggy slasher. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Well, I'm huffin', I'm puffin', I'll blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin' and a puffin' and I'll blow your house in. Well, the big bad wolf. Well, he huffed and he puffed, all that he could. And low and behold the little piggy's house stood. "It's made out of concrete", the little piggy shouted. The wolf just frowned, as he pouted. So, they called nine-eleven, like any piggy would. They sent out Rambo just as fast as they could. Yo, wolf-face, I'm your worst nightmare. Your ass is mine. Well, the wolf fell dead as you can plainly see. So, that's to end the story for you and me. If you still give a listen, you just may. Hear a big wolf or little piggy say. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Little pig, little pig, let me in. Not by the hair of my chinny, chin, chin. Well, I'm huffin', I'm puffin', I'll blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin', puffin', blow your house in. Huffin' and a puffin' and I'll blow your house in. And the moral of the story is. A band with no talent can easily amuse. Idiots with a stupid, puppet showStand Back!. Stand Back!. . What are those dogs doing sniffing at my feet. They're on to something, picking up. Picking up this heat, this heat. . [Chorus 1:]. Give me steam. And how you feel to make it real. Real as anything you've seen. Get a life with this dreamer's dream. . You know your culture from your trash. You know your plastic from your cash. When I lose sight of the track. You know the way back. But I know you. . You know your stripper from your paint. You know your sinner from your saint. Whenever heaven's doors are shut. You kick them open but. I know you. . [Chorus 2:]. Give me steam. And how you feel to make it real. Real as any place you've been. Get a life with the dreamer's dream. . Stand back!. Stand back!. Can't you see I've lost control I'm getting indiscreet. You're moving in so close 'til I'm picking up. Picking up this heat, this heat. . [Chorus 1]. . You know your green from your red. You know the quick from the dead. So much better than the rest. You think you've been blessed. But I know you. . You know your ladder from your snake. You know the throttle from the brake. You know your straight line from a curve. You've got a lot of nerve. But I know you. . [Chorus 2]. . Everybody nosedive. Hold your breath, count to five. Backslap, boobytrap,. Cover it up in bubblewrap. Room shake, earthquake. Find a way to stay awake. It's going to blow, it's going to break. This is more than I can take. . Oh yeah, I need steam. Feel the steam all around me. Ah you're turning up the heat. When I start to dream aloud. See you move your hands and feet. Won't you step into this cloud of steam. This steam. . [Chorus 1]. . Help me yeah. Ready to steam out the log jam. Stir crazy from the freezer to the boil. Water's bubbling, it's b..b..b..bubbling. bubbling [x4]. like it's coming to a boil. Give me steam, lady. Give me steam around me now. Aah coming alive [x2]. Said give me some steamWhen comes the shaking man. A nation in his eyes. Striped with blood and emblazed tattoo. Streaking cathedral spire. They say. They say. They say. "He has no brain". They say. "He has no mood". They say. "He was born again". They say. "Look at him climb". They say, "Jump". They say, "Jump". They say. "He has two Gods". They say. "He has no fear". They say. "He has no eyes". They say. "He has no mouth". They say, "Hey, that's really something". They feel he should get some time. I say he should watch his ass. My friend don't listen to the crowd. They say, "Jump". They say, "Jump". Watch out. Watch out. They say, "Hey, that's really something". They feel he should get some time. I say he should watch his ass. My friend don't listen to the crowd. They say, "Jump". Jump. Got to believe somebody. They say, "Jump". Jump. Got to believe somebody. They say, "Jump". Jump. Got to believe. They say, "Jump". Jump. Got to believe somebody. Jump. Got to believe. Jump. Got to believe somebody. Jump. Got to believe. Jump. Got to believe somebody. Jump. They say, "Jump"Now that I've lost everything to you. You say you want to start something new. And it's breaking my heart you're leaving. Baby I'm grieving. If you wanna leave take good care. Hope you have a lot of nice things to wear. And a lot of nice things turn bad out there. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. I'll always remember you like a child, girl. You know I've seen a lot of what the world can do. And it's breaking my heart in two. 'Cause I never want to see you sad girl. Don't be a bad girl. But if you wanna leave take good care. Hope you make a lot of nice friends out there. Just remember there's a lot of bad and beware, yeah. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. And I'll always remember you like a child, girl, yeah. Baby I love you, if you wanna leave take good care. Hope you make a lot of nice friends out there. Just remember there's a lot of bad and beware. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. And I'll always remember you like a child, girl, oh yeah. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. It's hard to get by just upon a smile, yeah, yeah. Oh baby, baby, it's a wild world. And I'll always remember you like a child, girlYou want commitment. Take a look into these eyes. They burn as fire, yeah. Until the end of time. . And I would do anything. I'd beg, I'd steal, I'd die. To have you in these arms tonight. . Baby, I want you. Like the roses want the rain. You know I need you. Like the poet needs the pain. . And I would give anything. My blood, my love, my life. If you were in these arms tonight. . I'd hold you, I'd need you. I'd get down on my knees for you. And make everything alright. If you were in these arms. . I'd love you, I'd please you. I'd tell you that I'll never leave you. And love you 'til the end of time. If you were in these arms tonight, oh yeah. . We stared at the sun. And we made a promise. A promise this world. Would never blind us. . And these were our words. Our words were our songs. Our songs are our prayers. These prayers keep me strong. And I still believe. If you were in these arms. . I'd hold you, I'd need you. I'd get down on my knees for you. And make everything alright. If you were in these arms. . I'd love you, I'd please you. I'd tell you that I'd never leave you. And love you 'til the end of time. If you were in these arms tonight. . Your clothes are still scattered all over our room. This whole place still smells like your cheap perfume. Everything here reminds me of you. There's nothing I wouldn't do. . And these were our words. They keep me strong, baby. . I'd hold you, I'd need you. I'd get down on my knees for you. And make everything alright. If you were in these arms. . I'd love you, I'd please you. I'd tell you that I'd never leave you. And love you 'til the end of time. If you were in these arms tonight. . If you were in these arms tonight. If you were in these arms tonight. If you were in these arms, baby. . Like the roses need the rain. Like the singles need to change. Like the poets need the pain. I need you in these arms tonight. If you were in these arms tonightI know all there is to know. About the crying game. I've had my share. Of the crying game. First there are kisses. Then there are sighs. And then before you know. Where you are. You're sayin' goodbye. One day soon I'm gonna tell the moon. About the crying game. And if he knows maybe. He'll explain. Why there are heartaches. Why there are tears. And what to do to stop feeling blue. When love disappears. I know all there is to know. About the crying game. I've had my share. Of the crying game. First there are kisses. Then there are sighs. And then before you know. Where you are. You're sayin' goodbye. Don't want no more. Of the crying game. Don't want no more. Of the crying game. Don't want no more. Of the crying game. Don't want no more. Of the crying gameShe grew up in an Indiana town. Had a good lookin' mama who never was around. But she grew up tall and she grew up right. With them Indiana boys on them Indiana nights. Well, she moved down here at the age of eighteen. She blew the boys away, was more than they'd seen. I wasduced, we both started groovin'. She said, "I dig you, baby but I'd like to keep moving". Ah yeah, let's keep movin' on. Last dance with Mary Jane. One more time to kill the pain. I feel summer creepin' in. And I'm tired of this town again. Well, I don't know but I've been told. You never slow down, you never grow old. I'm tired of screwin' up, tired of going down. Tired of myself, tired of this town. Oh, my, my, oh, hell, yes. You got to put on that party dress. Buy me a drink, sing me a song. Take me as I come 'cause I can't stay long. Last dance with Mary Jane. One more time to kill the pain. I feel summer creepin' in. And I'm tired of this town again. There's pigeons down on Market Square. She's standin' in her underwear. Lookin' down from a hotel room. Nightfall will be comin' soon. Oh, my, my, oh, hell, yes. You got to put on that party dress. It was too cold to cry, I woke up alone. I hit my last number, walked to the road. Last dance with Mary Jane. One more time to kill the pain. I feel summer creepin' in. And I'm tired of this town againBruce Springsteen. Greatest Hits. Streets Of Philadelphia. i was bruised and battered and i couldn't tell. What i felt. I was unrecognizable to myself. I saw my reflection in a window i didn't know. My own face. Oh brother are you gonna leave me. Wastin´away. On the streets of philadelphia. . I walked the avenue till my legs felt like stone. I heard the voices of friends vanished and gone. At night i could hear the blood in my veins. Black and whispering as the rain. On the streets of philadelphia. . Ain't no angel gonna greet me. It's just you and i my friend. My clothes don't fit me no more. I walked a thousand miles. Just to slip the skin. . The night has fallen, i'm lyin'awake. I can feel myself fading away. So receive me brother with your faithless kiss. Or will we leave each other alone like this. On the streets of philadelphiaI feel it in my fingers. I feel it in my toes. Love is all around me. And so the feeling grows. It's written on the wind. It's everywhere I go, oh yes, it is. So if you really love me. Come on and let it show, oh. You know, I love you, I always will. My mind's made up. By the way that I feel. There's no beginning. There'll be no end. 'Cause on my love you can depend. I see your face before me. As I lay on my bed. I kinda get to thinking. Of all the things you said, oh yes I did. You gave your promise to me. And I gave mine to you. I need someone beside me. In everything and I do, oh yes I do. You know, I love you, I always will. My mind's made up by the. Way that I feel. There's no beginning. There'll be no end. 'Cause on my love you can depend. Got to keep it movin'. Ooh, it's written in the wind. Oh, everywhere I go, yeah, ooh well. So if you really love me, love me, love me. Come on and let it show. Come on and let it show. (Come on and let it). (Come on and let it). Come and let it show, baby. (Come on and let it). Come on, come on, come on let it show, baby. (Come on and let it). (Come on and let it). Come on and let it show. Come on and let it show, baby. Come on and let it showOnce there was this kid who. Got into an accident and couldn't come to school. But when he finally came back. His hair had turned from black into bright white. He said that it was from when. The car had smashed so hard. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Once there was this girl who. Wouldn't go and change with the girls in the change room. But when they finally made her. They saw birthmarks all over her body. She couldn't quite explain it. They'd always just been there. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. But both girl and boy were glad. 'Cause one kid had it worse than that. 'Cause then there was this boy whose. Parents made him come directly home right after school. And when they went to their church. They sand lurched all over the church floor. He couldn't quite explain it. They'd always just gone there. Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm. Mmm Mmm Mmm MmmI was down at the New Amsterdam. Staring at this yellow-haired girl. Mr. Jones strikes up a conversation. With a black-haired flamenco dancer. . You know, she dances while his father plays guitar. She's suddenly beautiful. We all want something beautiful. Man, I wish I was beautiful. . So come dance this silence down through the morning. Cut up, Maria, show me some of them Spanish dances. And pass me a bottle, Mr. Jones. Believe in me, help me believe in anything. . 'Cause I want to be someone who believes, yeah. Mr. Jones, and me tell each other fairy tales. And we stare at the beautiful women. "She's looking at you, ah, no, no, she's looking at me". . Smiling in the bright lights, coming through in stereo. When everybody loves you, you can never be lonely. Well, I will paint my picture. Paint myself in blue and red and black and gray. . All of the beautiful colors are very, very meaningful. Yeah well, you know, gray is my favorite color. I felt so symbolic yesterday, if I knew Picasso. I would buy myself a gray guitar and play. . Mr. Jones and me look into the future. Yeah, we stare at the beautiful women. "She's looking at you, I don't think so. She's looking at me". . Standing in the spotlight. I bought myself a gray guitar. When everybody loves me, I will never be lonely. I will never be lonely, said I'm never gonna be lonely. . I want to be a lion, everybody wants to pass as cats. We all want to be big, big stars. Yeah, but we got different reasons for that. Believe in me 'cause I don't believe in anything. . And I want to be someone to believe, to believe, to believe, yeah. Mr. Jones and me stumbling through the barrio. Yeah, we stare at the beautiful women. "She's perfect for you, man, there's got to be somebody for me". . I want to be Bob Dylan. Mr. Jones wishes he was someone, just a little more funky. When everybody loves you, son. That's just about as funky as you can be. . Mr. Jones and me staring at the video. When I look at the television. I want to see me staring right back at me. We all want to be big stars. . But we don't know why and we don't know how. But when everybody loves me. I wanna be just about as happy as I can be. Mr. Jones and me, we're gonna be big starsI'll tell you what I've done. I'll tell you what I do. Been driving all night. Just to get close to you. Baby, babe. I'm moving so fast. You'd better come on. The moon is alright. The freeway's heading south. My heart is going boom. There's a strange taste in my mouth. Baby, babe. I'm moving real fast. So try to hold on. Try to hold on. Sleeping in my car. I will undress you. Sleeping in my car. I will caress you. Staying in the back seat. Of my car making up. So come out tonight. I'll take you for a ride. This steamy ol' wagon. The radio is getting wild. Baby, babe. We're moving so fast. I try to hang on. Try to hang on. Sleeping in my car. I will undress you. Sleeping in my car. I will caress you. Staying in the back seat. Of my car making love, oh yeah. Sleeping in my car. I will possess you. Sleeping in my car. Certainly bless you. Laying in the back seat. Of my car making up. The night is so pretty and so young. The night is so pretty and so young. So very young. Sleeping in my car. I will undress you. Sleeping in my car. I will caress you. Staying in the back seat. Of my car making love to you. Sleeping in my car. I will possess you. Sleeping in my car. Certainly bless you. Laying in the back seat. Of my car making up. I will undress you. I will undress you. The night is so pretty and so youngIn my eyes, indisposed. In disguise as no one knows. Hides the face, lies the snake. The sun in my disgrace. . Boiling heat, summer stench. 'Neath the black, the sky looks dead. Call my name through the cream. And I'll hear you scream again. . Black hole sun, won't you come?. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun, won't you come?. Won't you come?. . Stuttering, cold and damp. Steal the warm wind, tired friend. Times are gone for honest men. And sometimes far too long for snakes. . In my shoes, a walking sleep. And my youth, I pray to keep. Heaven send Hell away. No one sings like you anymore. . Hang my head, drown my fear. Till you all just disappear. . Black hole sun, won't you come?. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun, won't you come?. Won't you come?. . Black hole sun, won't you come?. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun, won't you come?. Won't you come?. . Black hole sun, won't you come?. And wash away the rain. Black hole sun, won't you come?. Won't you come?. ...Take me now baby, here as I am.. Pull me close; try and understand.. Desire is hunger, is the fire I breathe.. Love is a banquet on which we feed.. Come on now, try and understand. the way I feel under your command.. Take my hand as the sun descends.. They can't hurt you now,. can't hurt you now,. can't hurt you now.. (chorus). Because the night belongs to lovers.. Because the night belongs to us.. Because the night belongs to lovers.. Because the night belongs to us.. Have I doubt baby, when I'm alone?. Love is a ring, the telephone.. Love is an angel disguised as lust,. here in our bed until the morning comes.. Come on now, try and understand. the way I feel under your command.. Take my hand as the sun descends.. They can't hurt you now,. can't hurt you now,. can't hurt you now.. (chorus). With love we sleep;. with doubt the vicious circle turns and turns.. Without you, oh I cannot live, forgive, the yearning, burning,. I believe in time, too real to feel.. So, take me now,. take me now,. take me now.. (chorus)Your love is strong and you're so sweet. You make me hard, you make me weak. Love is strong and you're so sweet. And someday babe, we got to meet. A glimpse of you was all it took. A stranger's glance, it got me hooked. And I followed you across the stars. I looked for you in seedy bars. What are you scared of, baby?. It's more than just a dream. I need some time. We make a beautiful team, a beautiful team. Love is strong and you're so sweet. And someday babe, we got to meet. Just anywhere out in the park. Out on the street and in the dark. I followed you through swirling seas. Down darkened woods with silent trees. Your love is strong and you're so sweet. You make me hard, you make me weak. What are you scared of, baby?. It's more than just a dream. I need some time. We make a beautiful team, beautiful. I wait for you until the dawn. My mind is ripped, my heart is torn. Your love is strong and you're so sweet. Your love is bitter and taken neat. Love is strong, yeah (you're so sweet). Love is strong, oh. You're so sweet. Love is strong. You've gotta meet, whoa yeah. (You're so sweet). (You're so sweet). (Got to meet). (You're so sweet)Street's like a jungle. So call the police. Following the herd. Down to Greece on holiday. Love in the 90's. Is paranoid. On sunny beaches. Take your chances looking for. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls but they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. Avoiding all work. Because there's none available. Like battery thinkers. Count your thoughts on 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 fingers. Nothing is wasted. Only reproduced. You get nasty blisters. Du bist sehr schon. But we haven't been introduced. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. Looking for. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. Girls who want boys. Who like boys to be girls. Who do boys like they're girls. Who do girls like they're boys. Always should be someone you really love. ...If he loved you like I love you. I would walk away in shame. I'd move town. I'd change my name. When he watches you. When he counts to buy your soul. On your hand his golden rings. Like he owns a bird that sings. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. The priest has said my soul's salvation. Is in the balance of the angels. And underneath the wheels of passion. I keep the faith in my fashion. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. If I could break down these walls. And shout my name at heaven's gate. I'd take these hands. And I'd destroy the dark machineries of fate. Cathedrals are broken. An' Heaven's no longer above. And hellfire's a promise away. I'd still be saying. I'm still in love, I'm still in love. I'm still in love, I'm still in love. I'm still in love, I'm still in love. He won't love you like I love you. He won't care for you this way. He'll mistreat you if you stay. Come and live with me. We'll have children of our own. I would love you more than life. If you'll come and be my wife. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. When we dance. Angels will run and hide their wings. When we dance. I had a dream last night. I dreamt you were by my side. Walking with me baby. My heart was filled with pride. I had a dream last night. I'm gonna find a place to live. Give you all I've got to give. I'm gonna love you more than life. If you'll only be my wife. I'm gonna love you night and day. I'm gonna try in every way. I'm gonna find a place to live. Give you all I've got to giveCome back. Baby, come back. Come back. Baby, come back. This is the first time until today. That you have run away. I'm asking you for the first time baby. Love me enough to stay. Stay. Hey. Hey. Come back. Baby, come back. Come back. Baby, come back. I must admit I was a clown. To be messin' around. But that dosen't mean. That you 'ave to leave town. Come back. Yes and give me one more try. 'Cause a love like this shoulda never ever die. Come back. Yes wi' me colour TV. And me cd collection of Bob Marley. Come back. Yes wi' me bag a sensi. And we can be together for eternity. There ain't no use in you crying. 'Cause I'm more hurt than you. I shouldna been out flirting. But now my love is true. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Come back. Every time me think of my Liza (Baby come back). Water come a me eye (come back). Every time me think of my Liza. (baby come back). Water come a me eye-a. But she gone. And she not comeback. Me beg her please. 'Pon me knees and she still never stop. Ready she ready eh. And a gone she gone. She and the man with. The removal van. Come on. Come back, baby, don't you leave me. Baby, please don't go. Oh, won't you give me a second chance. Baby, I love you so. Oh. Oh. Oh. Ooohh. Come back. Baby, come back. Come back mon. Baby, come back. Baby, come back. Come back Liza. Baby, come back. Don't leave me. Baby, come back. I cry man. Baby, come back. Come back baby. Baby, come back. Baby don't blow. Baby, come back. Bring back me CD collection. Baby, come back. Bring back me sensi. Baby, come backYou can't run away forever. But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start. You want to shut out the night you want to shut down the sun. You want to shut away the pieces of a broken heart. Think of how we'd lay down together. Who we'd be listening to the radio so loud and so strong. Every golden nugget coming like a gift of the Gods. Someone must have blessed us when he gave us those songs. I treasure your love, I never want to lose it. You've been through the fires of hell. And I know you've got the ashes to prove it. I treasure your love, I want to show you how to use it. You've been through a lot of pain in the dirt. And I know you've got the scars to prove it. Remember everything that I told you. Well I'm telling you again that it's true. When you're alone and afraid and you're completely amazed. To find there's nothing anybody can do. Keep on believing and you'll discover baby. There's always something magic, there's always something new. And when you really, really need it the most. That's when rock 'n roll dreams come through. The beat is yours forever, the beat is always true. And when you really, really need it the most. That's when rock 'n roll dreams come through, for you. Once upon a time was a back beat. Once upon a time all the chords came to life. And the angels had guitars even before they had wings. If you hold on to a chorus you can get through the night. I treasure your love, I never want to lose it. You've been through the fires of hell. And I know you've got the ashes to prove it. I treasure your love, I want to show you how to use it. You've been through a lot of pain in the dirt. And I know you've got the scars to prove it. Remember everything that I told you. Well I'm telling you again that it's true. You're never alone 'cause you can put on the phones. And let the drummer tell your heart what to do. Keep on believing and you'll discover baby. There's always something magic, there's always something new. And when you really, really need it the most. That's when rock 'n roll dreams come through. The beat is yours forever, the beat is always true. And when you really, really need it the most. That's when rock 'n roll dreams come through, for you. Yeah. The beat is yours forever. That's when rock 'n roll dreams come through. ...You don't know how you took it. You just know what you got. Oh Lordy you've been stealing. From the thieves and you got caught. In the headlights. Of a stretch car. You're a star. Dressing like your sister. Living like a tart. They don't know what you're doing. Babe, it must be art. You're a headache. In a suitcase. You're a star. Oh no, don't be shy. You don't have to go blind. Hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me. You don't know how you got here. You just know you want out. Believing in yourself almost. As much as you doubt. You're a big smash. You wear it like a rash. Star. Oh no, don't be shy. It takes a crowd to cry. Hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me. They want you to be Jesus. They'll go down on one knee. But they'll want their money back. If you're alive at thirty-three. And you're turning tricks. With your crucifix. You're a star. Oh child. Of course you're not shy. You don't have to deny love. Hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill meShould've seen it coming when roses died. Should've seen the end of summer in your eyes. Should've listened when you said good night. You really meant good bye. Baby, ain't it funny how you never ever learn to fall?. You're really on your knees, when you think you're standing tall. But only fools are "know-it-alls" and I played that fool for you. I cried and I cried, there were nights that died for you, baby. I tried and I tried to deny your love drove me crazy, baby. If the love that I've got for you is gone. If the river I've cried ain't that long. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong -This ain't a love song. Baby, I thought you and me would stand the test of time. Like we got away with the perfect crime. But we were just a legend in my mind. I guess that I was blind. Remember those nights dancing at the masquerade. The clowns wore smiles that wouldn't fade. But you and I were the renegades. Some things never change. It made me so mad 'cause I wanted it bad for us, baby. And now it's so sad that whatever we had, ain't worth saving, ohhh. If the love that I've got for you is gone. If the river I've cried ain't that long. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love song. If the pain that I'm feeling so strong. Is the reason I'm holding on. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love song. Woo ooh. (Guitar Solo). I cried and I cried, there were nights that I died for you, baby. I tried and I tried to deny that your love drove me crazy, baby. If the love that I've got for you is gone. If the river I've cried ain't that long. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love song. If the pain that I'm feeling so strong. Is the reason I'm holding on. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love song. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love song. Then I'm wrong, yeah I'm wrong - This ain't a love songFree as a bird. It's the next best thing to be. Free as a bird. Home, home and dry. Like a homing bird I'll fly. As a bird on wings. Whatever happened to. The life that we once knew?. Can we really live without each other?. Where did we lose the touch. That seemed to mean so much?. It always made me feel so. Free as a bird. Like the next best thing to be. Free as a bird. Home, home and dry. Like a homing bird I'll fly. As a bird on wings. Whatever happened to. The life that we once knew?. Always made me feel so free. Free as a bird. It's the next best thing to be. Free as a bird. Free as a bird. Free as a bird. FreeQueen. Miscellaneous. Heaven For Everyone. While you are imagining, imagine for instance,. The sights that you can take advantage of. Look at the beautiful cloud formations below you and above you. This could be heaven. Think of the colour of the sun as it shines off the clouds. In these days, in these days, in these days of cool reflection. You come to me and everything seems alright. In these days of cold affections. You sit by me and everything's fine. This could be heaven for everyone. This world could be fed, this world could be fun. This could be heaven for everyone. This world could be free, this world could be one,. In this world of cool deception. Just smile can smooth my ride. These troubled days of cruel rejection. You come to me, soothe my troubled mind. Yeah, this could be heaven for everyone. This world could be fed, this world could be one. We should bring love to our daughters and sons. Love, love, love, love. (This could be heaven for everyone). So take a seat and sit by my side a while. You know I like your style. (This could be heaven for everyone). So what can we do to clean up this mess. Just feel so helpless. This could be heaven for everyone. So lift up your voice at least you'll have cared. At least you'll have dared. Listen. What people do to other souls. They take their lives, destroy their goals. Their basic pride and dignity. Is stripped and torn and shown no pity. When this should be heaven for everyone. This could be heaven, could be heaven for everyone. This could be heaven, could be heaven for everyone etc.. And this is the end of this section.NAI wrote her off for the tenth time today. And practiced all the things I would say. When she came over, I lost my nerve. I took her back and made her dessert. Now I know I'm being used. That's okay man, 'cause I like the abuse. I know she's playing with me. That's okay 'cause I've got no self esteem. We make plans to go out at night. I wait till two then I turn out the light. This rejection's got me so low. If she keeps it up I just might tell her so. When she's saying, oh, that she wants only me. Then I wonder why she sleeps with my friends. When she's saying, oh, that I'm like a disease. Then I wonder how much more I can spend. Well, I guess I should stick up for myself. But I really think it's better this way. The more you suffer. The more it shows you really care, right? Yeah. Now I'll relate this little bit. That happens more than I'd like to admit. Late at night she knocks on my door. She's drunk again and looking to score. Now I know I should say no. But that's kind of hard when she's ready to go. I may be dumb but I'm not a dweeb. I'm just a sucker with no self esteem. When she's saying, oh, that she wants only me. Then I wonder why she sleeps with my friends. When she's saying, oh, that I'm like a disease. Then I wonder how much more I can spend. Well I guess I should stick up for myself. But I really think it's better this way. The more you suffer. The more it shows you really care, right? YeahThey call me 'The Wild Rose'. But my name was Elisa Day. Why they call me it, I do not know. For my name was Elisa Day. From the first day I saw her, I knew she was the one. She stared in my eyes and smiled. For her lips were the color of the roses. That grew down the river, all bloody and wild. When he knocked on my door and entered the room. My trembling subsided in his sure embrace. He would be my first man and with a careful hand. He wiped at the tears that ran down my face. They call me 'The Wild Rose'. But my name was Elisa Day. Why they call me that, I do not know. For my name was Elisa Day. On the second day, I brought her a flower. She was more beautiful than any woman I've seen. I said, "Do you know where the wild roses grow. So sweet and scarlet and free?". On the second day, he came with a single red rose. He said, "Give me your loss and your sorrow". I nodded my head, as I lay on the bed. "If I show you the roses, will you follow?". They call me 'The Wild Rose'. But my name was Elisa Day. Why they call me that, I do not know. For my name was Elisa Day. On the third day, he took me to the river. He showed me the roses and we kissed. And the last thing I heard was a muttered word. As he knelt above me with a rock in his fist. On the last day, I took her where the wild roses grow. She lay on the bank, the wind light as a thief. And I kissed her goodbye, said, "All beauty must die". And I lent down and planted a rose between her teeth. They call me 'The Wild Rose'. But my name was Elisa Day. Why they call me it, I do not know. For my name was Elisa Day. My name was Elisa Day. For my name was Elisa DayYou could ever change your heart. If you would only change your mind. Instead of slammin' down the phone, girl, for the hundredth time. I got your number on my wall. But I ain't gonna make that call. When divided we stand, baby, united we fall. Got the time, got a chance, gonna make it. Got my hands on your heart, gonna take it. All I know, I can't fight this way. You could ever change your heart. If you would only change your mind. 'Cause I'm crazy about you, baby, time after time. Without you, one night alone. Is like a year without you, baby. Do you have a heart of stone?. Without you, can't stop the hurt inside. When love and hate collide. I don't want to fight no more. I don't know what we're fighting for. When we treat each other, baby, like an act of war. I can tell a million lies, I would come as no surprise. When the truth is like a stranger. It hits you right between the eyes. There's a time and a place and a reason. And I know I got a love to believe in. All I know, got to win this time. Without you, one night alone. Is like a year without you, baby. Do you have a heart of stone?. Without you, can't stop the hurt inside. When love and hate collide. You could ever change your heart. If you would only change your mind. 'Cause I'm crazy about you baby, crazy, crazy. Without you, one night alone. Is like a year without you baby. Do you have a heart of stone?. Without you, one night alone. Is like a year without you baby. If you have a heart of stone?. Without you, can't stop the hurt inside. When love and hate collideConnells. Ring. '74-'75. Words and Music: Mike Connell. . Got no reason for coming to me and the rain running down.. There's no reason.. And the same voice coming to me like it's all slowin' down.. And believe me -- . . I was the one who let you know. I was sorry-ever-after.  '74-'75.. Giving me more and I'll defy. 'Cause you're really only after '74-'75.. . It's not easy, nothing to say 'cause it's already said.. It's never easy.. When I look on your eyes then I find that I'll do fine.. When I look on your eyes then I'll do better.. . I was the one who let you know. I was your sorry-ever-after.  '74-'75.. Giving me more and I'll defy. 'Cause you're really only after '74-'75.Once upon a midnight, dearie. I woke with something in my head. I couldn't escape the memory. Of a phone call and of what you said. Like a game show contestant with a parting gift. I could not believe my eyes. When I saw through the voice of a trusted friend. Who needs to humor me and tell me lies, yeah humor me and tell me lies. And I'll lie too and say I don't mind. And as we seek so shall we find. And when you're feeling open I'll still be here. But not without a certain degree of fear. Of what will be with you and me. I still can see things hopefully. But you. Why you wanna give me a run-around?. Is it a sure-fire way to speed things up?. When all it does is slow me down. And shake me and my confidence. About a great many things. But I've been there I can see it cower. Like a nervous magician waiting in the wings. Of a bad play where the heroes are right. And nobody thinks or expects too much. And Hollywood's calling for the movie rights. Singing "Hey babe, let's keep in touch", hey baby, let's keep in touch. But I want more than a touch I want you to reach me. And show me all the things no one else can see. So what you feel becomes mine as well. And soon if we're lucky we'd be unable to tell. What's yours and mine, the fishing's fine. And it doesn't have to rhyme, so don't you feed me a line. But you. Why you wanna give me a run-around?. Is it a sure-fire way to speed things up?. When all it does is slow me down. Tra la la la la bombardier, this is the pilot speaking. And I've got some news for you. It seems my ship still stands no matter what you drop. And there ain't a whole lot that you can do. Oh sure the banner may be torn and the wind's gotten colder. Perhaps I've grown a little cynical. But I know no matter what the waitress brings. I shall drink in and always be full, yeah I will drink in and always be full. Oh I like coffee and I like tea. I'd like to be able to enter a final plea. I still got this dream that you just can't shake. I love you to the point you can no longer take. Well all right okay, so be that way. I hope and pray that there's something left to say. But you. Why you wanna give me a run-around?. Is it a sure-fire way to speed things up. When all it does is slow me down?. Oh you. Why you wanna give me a run-around?. Is it a sure-fire way to speed things up. When all it does is slow me down?Wish you were here. me oh my countryman. wish you were here. Wish you were here. don't you know the stove is. getting colder. and i miss you like hell. and i'm feeling blue. Wish you were here. me oh my countryman. wish you were here. Wish you were here. don't you know the stove is. getting colder. and i miss you like hell. and i'm feeling blue. I've got feelings for you babe. do you still feel the same. from the first time i laid my. eyes on you. i felt joy of livin. i saw heaven in your eyes. in your eyes. Wish you were here. me oh my countryman. wish you where here (i wish you were here). Wish you were here. don't you know the stove is. getting colder. and i miss you like hell. and i'm feeling blue. i miss your laugh i miss. your smile. i miss everything about you. every second's like a minute. every minute's like a day. when you're far away. wish you were here. the stove is getting colder baby. i wish you were here. wish you were here. a battlefield of love and fear. and i wish you were here. I've got feelings for you babe. do you still feel the same. from the first time i laid my. eyes on you. Wish you were here. me oh my countryman. wish you where here (i wish you were here). Wish you were here. don't you know the stove is. getting colder. and i miss you like hell. and i'm feeling blueShe came from Greece she had a thirst for knowledge. She studied sculpture at Saint Martin's college. That's where I caught her eye. She told me that her dad was loaded. I said, "In that case I'll have a rum, Coca Cola". She said, "Fine". And then in thirty seconds time she said. I wanna live like common people. I wanna do whatever common people do. Wanna sleep with common people. I wanna sleep with common people like you. Oh, what else could I do. I said, "I'll, I'll see what I can do". I took her to a supermarket. I don't know why. But I had to start it somewhere. So it started there. I said, "Pretend you've got no money". And she just laughed and said, "Oh you're so funny". I said, "Yeah?. I can't see anyone else smiling in here". Are you sure you want to live like common people. You wanna see whatever common people see. Wanna sleep with common people. You wanna sleep with common people like me. But she didn't understand. And she just smiled and held my hand. Rent a flat above a shop. Cut your hair and get a job. Smoke some fags and play some pool. Pretend you never went to school. But still you'll never get it right. 'Cos when you're laid in bed at night. Watching roaches climb the wall. If you call your dad he could stop it all, yeah. You'll never live like common people. You'll never do whatever common people do. You'll never fail like common people. You'll never watch your life slide out of view. And the dance and drink and screw. Because there's nothing else to do. Sing along with the common people. Sing along and it might just get you through. Laugh along with the common people. Laugh along even though they're laughing at you. And the stupid things that you do. Because you think that boy is cool. Like a dog lying in a corner. They will bite you and never warn you. Look out they'll tear your insides out. 'Cos everybody hates a tourist. Especially one who thinks it's all such a laugh. Yeah and the chip stains grease. Will come out in the bath. You will never understand. How it feels to live your life. With no meaning or control. And I'm with nowhere left to go. You are amazed that they exist. And they burn so bright. While you can only wonder. Why rent a flat above a shop. Cut your hair and get a job. Smoke some fags and play some pool. Pretend you never went to school. But still you'll never get it right. 'Cos when you're laid in bed at night. Watching roaches climb the wall. If you called your dad he could stop it all, yeah. Never live like common people. Never do what common people do. Never fail like common people. Never watch your life slide out of view. And dance and drink and screw. Because there's nothing else to do. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Wanna live with common people like you. Oh yeahI didn't ask. They shouldn't have told me. At first I'd laugh, but now. It's sinking in fast. Whatever they've sold me. Well baby I don't want to take advice from fools. I'll just figure everything is cool. Until I hear it from you. It gets hard. The memory's faded. Who gets what they say. It's likely they're just jealous and jaded. Well maybe I don't want to take advice from fools. I'll just figure everything is cool. Until I hear it from you. Until I hear it from you. I can't let it get me off. Or break up my train of thought. As far as I know, nothing's wrong. Until I hear it from you. Still thinking about not living without it. Outside looking in. Til we're talking about it, not stepping around it. Maybe. I don't want to take advice from fools. I'll just figure everything is cool. Until I hear it from you (hear it from you). Until I hear it from you (hear it from you). Until I hear it from you (hear it from you). Until I hear it from you. Until I hear it from you. Until I hear it from you (won't take advice from fools). Ooh (I'll figure everything is cool). Until I hear it from you (won't take advice from fools). Ooh (I'll figure everything is cool). Until I hear it from youIf God had a name what would it be?. And would you call it to His face?. If you were faced with Him in all His glory. What would you ask if you had just one question?. And yeah, yeah God is great. Yeah, yeah God is good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What if God was one of us?. Just a slob like one of us. Just a stranger on the bus. Trying to make His way home. If God had a face what would it look like?. And would you want to see?. If seeing meant that you would have to believe. In things like Heaven and in Jesus and the Saints. And all the Prophets. And yeah, yeah God is great. Yeah, yeah God is good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What if God was one of us?. Just a slob like one of us. Just a stranger on the bus. Trying to make His way home. Tryin' to make His way home. Back up to Heaven all alone. Nobody callin' on the phone. 'Cept for the Pope maybe in Rome. Yeah, yeah God is great. Yeah, yeah God is good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What if God was one of us?. Just a slob like one of us. Just a stranger on the bus. Trying to make His way home. Just tryin' to make His way home. Like a holy rolling stone. Back up to Heaven all alone. Just tryin' to make His way home. Nobody callin' on the phone. 'Cept for the Pope maybe in RomeIf I could reach the stars. I'll pull one down for you. Shine it on my heart. So you could see the truth. And then love inside. Is everything it seems. But for now I find. It's only in my dreams. If I can change the world. I would be the sunlight in your universe. You would think my love would really something good. Baby if I could change the world. If I were a King. Even for a day. I'd take you around my queen. I'd have it no other way. And our love would rule. This kingdom we have made. Till then I'd be a fool. Wishin' for the day. That I can change the world. I would be the sunlight in your universe. You would think my love would really something good. Baby if I could change the world. Baby if I could change the world. I could change the world. I would be the sunlight in your universe. You would think my love would really something good. Baby if I could, if I could change the world. If I could, If I could. If I could change the world. If I could, if I could. If I could change the world. If I could, if I could. If I could change the world. If I could change, if I could change the worldBrother Pele's in the back, sweet Zina's in the front. Cruisin' down the freeway in the hot, hot sun. Suddenly red-blue lights flash us from behind. Loud voice booming, "Please step out onto the line". Pele preaches words of comfort, Zina just hides her eyes. Policeman taps his shades, "Is that a Chevy '69?". How bizarre. How bizarre, how bizarre. Destination unknown, as we pull in for some gas. Freshly pasted poster reveals a smile from the past. Elephants and acrobats, lions snakes monkey. Pele speaks "righteous," Sister Zina says "funky". How bizarre. How bizarre, how bizarre. Ooh, baby (Ooh, baby). It's making me crazy (It's making me crazy). Everytime I look around. Everytime I look around (Everytime I look around). Everytime I look around. It's in my face. Ring master steps out and says "the elephants left town". People jump and jive, but the clowns have stuck around. TV news and camera, there's choppers in the sky. Marines, police, reporters ask where, for and why. Pele yells, "We're outta here," Zina says, "Right on". We're making moves and starting grooves before they knew we were gone. Jumped into the Chevy and headed for big lights. Wanna know the rest? Hey, buy the rights.... How bizarre. How bizarre, how bizarre. Ooh, baby (Ooh, baby). It's making me crazy (It's making me crazy). Everytime I look around. Everytime I look around (Everytime I look around). Everytime I look around. It's in my faceWhere do you go, my lovely?. Where do you go?. I wanna know, my lovely, I wanna know. Where do you go, oh, oh, eh, oh?. I wanna know, oh, oh, eh, oh. Where do you go, oh, oh, eh, oh?. I wanna know. You leave without a word, no message, no number. And now my head is pounding like rolling thunder. You left me with a heartache deep inside. Girl, you should see me cry all night, and I wonder. Everybody says, "What a shame, what is wrong?". They don't like the game we play. Heard you're hanging 'round every night until dawn. I'm waiting for you night and day. Where do you go, my lovely?. Where do you go?. I wanna know, my lovely, I wanna know. You gotta break the silence, don't keep me waiting. Just like a river flowing to the sea. You're running back to me. Come, hear what I'm saying. Where do you go, my lovely?. I wanna know. Where do you go, oh, oh, oh?. Where do you go, oh, oh, oh?. I wanna know. Where do you, where do you go?. Save me. Come back and dry the tears, I cried for you, baby. You've gotta stop this heartache deep inside. You've gotta help me make it through the night safely. Come back and save meYou'll say, we've got nothing in common. No common ground to start from. And we're falling apart. You'll say, the world has come between us. Our lives have come between us. Still I know you just don't care. And I said what about Breakfast at Tiffany's?. She said I think I remember the film. And as I recall I think, we both kind of liked it. And I said well that's, the one thing we've got. I see you, the only one who knew me. And now your eyes see through me. I guess I was wrong. So what now?. It's plain to see we're over. And I hate when things are over. When so much is left undone. And I said what about Breakfast at Tiffany's?. She said I think I remember the film. And as I recall I think, we both kind of liked it. And I said well that's, the one thing we've got. You'll say, that we've got nothing in common. No common ground to start from. And we're falling apart. You'll say the world has come between us. Our lives have come between us. Still I know you just don't care. And I said what about Breakfast at Tiffany's?. She said I think I remember the film. And as I recall I think, we both kind of liked it. And I said well that's, the one thing we've got. And I said what about Breakfast at Tiffany's?. She said I think I remember the film. And as I recall I think, we both kind of liked it. And I said well that's, the one thing we've got. And I said what about Breakfast at Tiffany's?. She said I think I remember the film. And as I recall I think, we both kind of liked it. And I said well that's, the one thing we've gotAnd even though the moment's passed me by. I still can't turn away. 'Cause all the dreams you never thought you'd lose. Get tossed along the way. The letters that you never meant to send. Get lost and thrown away. And now we've grown up orphans I'd never knew their names. We don't belong to no one thats a shame. But you could hide beside me maybe for a while. And I won't tell no one your name. And I won't tell 'em your name. And scars are souvenirs you'll never lose. The past is never far. And did you lose yourself somewhere out there?. Did you get to be a star?. And don't it make you sad to know that life. Is more than who we are?. You grew up way too fast now there's nothing to believe. With re-runs all become our history. A tired song keeps playin' on a tired radio. And I won't tell no one your name. I won't tell 'em your name, yeah, yeah. And I won't tell 'em your name. Oh, oh, I won't tell em your name. I think about you all the time. But I don't need the same. It's lonely where you are, come back down. I won't tell 'em your nameDid you see the sky, I think it means that we've been lost. Maybe one less time is all we need. I can't really help it if my tongue's all tied in knots. Jumping off a bridge, it's just the farthest that I've ever been. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. Anyplace, but those I know by heart. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. I'll follow you down, but not that far. I know we're headed somewhere, I can see how far we've come. But still, I can't remember anything. Let's not do the wrong thing and I swear it might be fun. It's a long way down when all the knots we've tied have come undone. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. Anyplace, but those I know by heart. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. I'll follow you down, but not that far. Whoooo!. How you gonna ever find your place. Runnin' in an artificial pace. Are they gonna find us lying face down in the sand. So what the hell, have we already been forever damned?. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. Anyplace, but those I know by heart. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. I'll follow you down, but not that far. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. Anyplace, but those I know by heart. Anywhere you go, I'll follow you down. I'll follow you down, but not that far (follow you down). I'll follow you down, but not that far (follow you down). I'll follow you down, but not that far (follow you down). I'll follow you down, but not that far (follow you down)Baby girl, I say tonight is your lucky night. Peter Andre along with Bubbler Ranx pon de micc. . I stop and stare at you, walking on the shore. I try to concentrate, my mind wants to explore. The tropical scent of you, takes me up above. And girl and when I look at you, oh I fall in love. . (Oh, oh). No doubt you look so fine. (Oh, oh). Girl I wanna make you mine. (Oh, oh). I want to be with a woman just like you. . (Oh, oh). No doubt I'm the only man. (Oh, oh). Who can love you like I can. (Oh, oh). So just let me be with the woman that I love. (Oh, oh). . Baby girl, shine like looking glass. . Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. I wanna get close to you. Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. Move your body close to mine, close to mine. . Girl you are my hearts desire. And you alone set me soul on fire. Me tell dem girl you are me hearts desire. Are you alone? Watch dis. . Watching the sun go down, the tide is drifting in. (ohh). We can get closer now and feel the warmth within. 'Coz I'm lookin in' your eyes, feeling so alive. And girl when you touch me, it's time to take it through the night. . (Oh, oh). Girl I wanna be with you. (Oh, oh). I wanna spend the night with you. (Oh, oh). I need to be with woman that I love. . (Oh, oh). Girl I wanna do to you. (Oh, oh). All the things you want me to. (Oh, oh). I need to be with woman that I love. (Oh, oh). . Baby girl, let your loving release. . (Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. I wanna get close to you). So close to you my baby. (Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. Move your body close to mine). . Well I've been sittin' by the fone hoping you'd call. When time me your voice I feel ten feet tall. Body weh you move a make de man dem a bawl. Man a tripover man when time your name call. . Pretty looks surround me like a flowers a bloom. And I love the smell of your Elizabeth Taylor perfume. Personality alone light up de room. Jus one kiss alone make me heart go boom. . (Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. I wanna get close to you). C'mon now, c'mon now. (Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. Move your body close to mine). . Girl you are my hearts desire. Are you alone? And set me soul on fire. . Oh oh oh, mysterious girl. I wanna get close to youAll my little plans and schemes. Lost like some forgotten dreams. Seems that all I really was doing. Was waiting for you. Just like little girls and boys. Playing with their little toys. Seems like all they really were doing. Was waiting for love. Don't need to be alone. No need to be alone. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. From this moment on I know. Exactly where my life will go. Seems that all I really was doing. Was waiting for love. Don't need to be afraid. No need to be afraid. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. Thought I'd been in love before. But in my heart, I wanted more. Seems like all I really was doing. Was waiting for you. Don't need to be alone. Don't need to be alone. It's real love, yes it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's real. It's real love, it's real. Yes it's real love, it's realA long December and there's reason to believe. Maybe this year will be better than the last. I can't remember the last thing that you said as you were leaving. Oh the days go by so fast. . And it's one more day up in the Canyons. And it's one more night in Hollywood. If you think that I could be forgiven. I wish you would. Na na na, yeah. . The smell of hospitals in winter. And the feeling that it's all a lot of oysters, but no pearls. All at once you look across a crowded room. To see the way that light attaches to a girl. . And it's one more day up in the Canyons. And it's one more night in Hollywood. If you think you might come to California. I think you should. Na na na, yeah. . Drove up to hillside manor sometime after 2 A.M. And talked a little while about the year. I guess the winter makes you laugh a little slower. Makes you talk a little lower about the things you could not show her. . And it's been a long December and there's reason to believe. Maybe this year will be better than the last. I can't remember all the times I tried to tell myself. To hold on to these moments as they pass. . And it's one more day up in the Canyon. And it's one more night in Hollywood. It's been so long since I've seen the ocean. I guess I should. Na na na, yeah. Na na na, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Na na na, yeah. Na na na, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahWe'll be singing, when we're winning. We'll be singing. . I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. . Pissing the night away, pissing the night away. He drinks a whiskey drink, he drinks a vodka drink. He drinks a lager drink, he drinks a cider drink. He sings the songs that remind him of the good times. He sings the songs that remind him of the better times. Oh Danny boy, Danny boy, Danny boy. . I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. . Pissing the night away, pissing the night away. . He drinks a whiskey drink, he drinks a vodka drink. He drinks a lager drink, he drinks a cider drink. He sings the songs that remind him of the good times. He sings the songs that remind him of the better times. . Don't cry for me next door neighbor. . I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. I get knocked down but I get up again. You're never going to keep me down. . I get knocked down but I get up again.   (We'll be singing when we're winning). You're never going to keep me down.   (We'll be singing). ...There was a time I was everything and nothing all in one. When you found me I was feeling like a cloud across the sun. I need to tell you how you light up every second of the day. But in the moonlight you just shine like a beacon on the bay. And I can't explain but it's something about the way you look tonight. Takes my breath away it's that feeling I get about you, deep inside. And I can't describe but it's something about the way you look tonight. Takes my breath away the way you look tonight. With you smile, you pull the deepest secrets from my heart. In all honesty I'm speechless and I don't know where to start. And I can't explain but it's something about the way you look tonight. Takes my breath away it's that feeling I get about you, deep inside. And I can't describe but it's something about the way you look tonight. Takes my breath away the way you look tonight. And I can't explain but it's something about the way you look tonight. Oh takes my breath away it's that feeling I get about you, deep inside. And I can't describe but it's something about the way you look tonight. Takes my breath away the way you look tonight. The way you look tonight. The way you look tonight. The way you look tonight. ...You can reach. But you can't grab it. You can hold it, control it. You can't bag it, ah. You can push. But you can't direct it. Circulate, regulate, oh no. You cannot connect it. You know you're chewing bubblegum. You know what that is but you still want some. You just can't get enough. Of that lovie, dovie stuff. You get confused. But you know it. Yeah, you hurt for it, work for it, love. You don't always show it. Let go. Let's go. Let's go. Discotheque. Hi, come on child. Oh. Let go. Let go. Discotheque. You're looking for the one. But you know you're somewhere else instead. You want to be the song. Be the song that you hear in your head. Love. Ooo, love. Love. It's not a trick. 'Cause you can't learn it. It's the way you don't pay, that's okay. 'Cause you can't earn it, yeah. You know you're chewing bubblegum. You know what that is but you still want some. You just can't get enough. Of that lovie, dovie stuff. Let go. Let go. Oh oh oh. Discotheque. Come on, come on. Go girl. Go girl. Ah ha ha. Discotheque. I want you. I want you. Oh, ooo, oh. Mmm love mmm. You're looking for the one. But you know you're somewhere else instead. You want to be the song. Be the song that you hear in your head. Love. You want heaven in your heart. Heaven in your heart. The sun, the moon, and the stars. But you take what you can get. 'Cause it's all that you can find. But you know there's something more. But tonight, tonight, tonight. Ah, high. High, high. High, high. High, high. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque. I paid, get in, I can't, not enough. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque. I paid, get in, I can't, not enough. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque. I paid, get in, I can't, not enough. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque. Boom cha, boom cha, discotheque'Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony, this life. Trying to make ends meet, you're a slave to the money then you die. I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down. You know the one that takes you to the places where all the veins meet, yeah. No change, I can change, I can change, I can change. But I'm here in my mould, I am here in my mould. But I'm a million different people from one day to the next.... I can't change my mould, no, no (have you ever been down?) no, no. Well, I've never prayed. But tonight I'm on my knees, yeah. I need to hear some sounds that recognize the pain in me, yeah. I let the melody shine, let it cleanse my mind, I feel free now. But the airwaves are clean and there's nobody singing to me now. No change, I can change, I can change, I can change. But I'm here in my mould, I am here in my mould. And I'm a million different people from one day to the next. I can't change my mould, no, no, no, no, no. Have you ever been down?. I can't change it you know, I can't change it.... 'Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life. Trying to make ends meet, trying to find some money then you die. I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down.... You know the one that takes you to the places where all the veins meet, yeah. You know I can change, I can change, I can change, I can change. But I'm here in my mould, I am here in my mould. And I'm a million different people from one day to the next.. I can't change my mould, no, no, no, no, no. I can't change my mould, no, no, no, no, no. I can't change my mould, no, no, no, no, no. You've gotta change my mould, no, no, no. (It's just sex and violence, melody and silence). (Gotta, can't change my violence, melody and silence). (Gotta, can't change my violence, melody and silence). (I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down). (Gotta, can't change my violence, melody and silence). (I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down). (Gotta, can't change my violence, melody and silence). (Been down). (Ever been down). (Can't change my violence, melody and silence). (Ever been down). (Ever been down). (Ever been down). (Have you ever been down?). (Have you ever been down?). (Have you ever been down?). (Have you ever been down?). (Have you ever been down?)Dear, I fear we're facing a problem. You love me no longer, I know. And maybe there is nothing. That I can do to make you do. Mama tells me I shouldn't bother. That I ought to stick to another man. A man that surely deserves me. But I think you do. So I cry, and I pray and I beg. Love me, love me. Say that you love me. Fool me, fool me. Go on and fool me. Love me, love me. Pretend that you love me. Leave me, leave me. Just say that you need me. So I cried, and I begged for you to. Love me, love me. Say that you love me. Leave me, leave me. Just say that you need me. I can't care about anything but you. Lately I have desperately pondered. Spent my nights awake and I wonder. What I could have done in another way. To make you stay. Reason will not reach a solution. I will end up lost in confusion. I don't care if you really care. As long as you don't go. So I cry, I pray and I beg. Love me, love me. Say that you love me. Fool me, fool me. Go on and fool me. Love me, love me. Pretend that you love me. Leave me, leave me. Just say that you need me. So I cried, and I begged for you to. Love me, love me. Say that you love me. Leave me, leave me. Just say that you need me. I can't care about anything but you. Anything but you. Love me, love me. Say that you love me. Fool me, fool me. Go on and fool me. Love me, love me. I know that you need me. I can't care about anything but youI hate the world today. You're so good to me. I know but I can't change. Tried to tell you. But you look at me like maybe. I'm an angel underneath. Innocent and sweet. Yesterday I cried. You must have been relieved to see. The softer side. I can understand. How you'd be so confused. I don't envy you. I'm a little bit of everything. All rolled into one. I'm a bitch, I'm a lover. I'm a child, I'm a mother. I'm a sinner, I'm a saint. I do not feel ashamed. I'm your hell, I'm your dream. I'm nothing in between. You know you wouldn't want it. Any other way. So take me as I am, this may mean. You'll have to be a stronger man. Rest assured that. When I start to make you nervous. And I'm going to extremes. Tomorrow I will change. And today won't mean a thing. I'm a bitch, I'm a lover. I'm a child, I'm a mother. I'm a sinner, I'm a saint. I do not feel ashamed. I'm your hell, I'm your dream. I'm nothing in between. You know you wouldn't want it. Any other way. Just when you think, you got me figured out. The season's already changing. I think it's cool, you do what you do. And don't try to save me. I'm a bitch, I'm a lover. I'm a child, I'm a mother. I'm a sinner, I'm a saint. I do not feel ashamed. I'm your hell, I'm your dream. I'm nothing in between. You know you wouldn't want it. Any other way. I'm a bitch, I'm a tease. I'm a goddess on my knees. When you hurt, when you suffer. I'm your angel undercover. I've been numb, I'm revived. Can't say I'm not alive. You know I wouldn't want it. Any other wayWooooo hoooo!. Wooooo hoooo!. Wooooo hoooo!. Wooooo hoooo!. I got my head checked. By a jumbo jet. It wasn't easy. but nothing i-is. No. Wooooo hooooooo!. When I feel heavy metal. Wooooo hooooooo!. And I feels that i made all. Wooooo hooooooo!. Well, I lie and I'm easy. All of the time but I am never sure. Why I need you. Pleased to meet you. I got my head down. When I was young. It's not my problem. It's not my problem. Wooooo hooooooo!. When I feel heavy metal. Wooooo hooooooo!. And I feels that i made all. Wooooo hooooooo!. Well, I lie and I'm easy. All of the time but I am never sure. Why I need you. Pleased to meet you. Yeah yeah!...Summer stretching on the grass. Summer dresses pass. In the shade of a willow tree. Creeps a crawling over me. Over me and over you, stuck together with God's glue. It's going to get stickier too. It's been a long hot summer, let's get undercover. Don't try too hard to think, don't think at all. You're not the only one, staring at the sun. Afraid of what you'd find, if you stepped back inside. Not just deaf and dumb, staring at the sun. Not the only one, who's happy to go blind. There's an insect in your ear. If you scratch it won't disappear. It's going to itch and burn and sting. You want to see what the scratching brings. Waves that leave me out of reach. Breaking on your back like a beach. Will we ever live in peace? 'Cause those that can't do, often have to. No those that can't do, often have to preach. To the one, staring at the sun. Afraid of what you'd find, if you stepped back inside. Not just deaf and dumb, staring at the sun. I'm not the only one, who's happy to go blind. Intransigence is all around. Military still in town. Armour plated suits and ties. Daddy just won't say goodbye. Referee won't blow the whistle, God is good, but will He listen?. I'm nearly great, but there's something missing. I left it in the duty free, oh superb. You never really belonged to me. You're not the only one, staring at the sun. Afraid of what you'd find, if you stepped back inside. I'm not sucking on my thumb, staring at the sun. I'm not the only one, who's happy to go blind. Happy to go blind, happy to go blind, happy to go blind. I'm happy to go, happy to go, happy to go blind. Happy to go blind, happy to go blind. I'm happy to go, happy to go, happy to go blindOh you get me ready in your 56 Chevy. Why don't we go sit down in the shade?. Take shelter on my front porch. The dandy lion sun scorching. Like a glass of cold lemonade?. I will do laundry if you pay all the bills. Where is my John Wayne?. Where is my prairie son?. Where is my happy ending?. Where have all the Cowboys gone?. Why don't you stay the evening. Kick back and watch the TV. And I'll fix a little somethin' to eat?. Oh I know your back hurts from working on the tractor. How do you take your coffee my sweet?. I will raise the children if you pay all the bills?. Where is my John Wayne?. Where is my prairie son?. Where is my happy ending?. Where have all the Cowboys gone?. I am wearing my new dress tonight. But you don't even notice me. Say our goodbyes. Say our goodbyes. Say our goodbyes. We finally sold the Chevy. When we had another baby. And you took that job in Tennessee. You made friends at the farm. And you joined them at the bar. Almost every single day of the week. I will wash the dishes while you go have a beer. Where is my John Wayne?. Where is my prairie son?. Where is my happy ending?. Where have all the Cowboys gone?. Where is my Marlboro Man?. Where is my shiny gun?. Where is my lonely ranger?. Where have all the cowboys gone?. Yippee aw, yippee yea. Yippee aw, yippee yea. Yippee aw, yippee yeaI was a midnight rider on a cloud of smoke. I could make a woman hang on every single stroke. I was an iron man, I had a master plan. But I was alone. I could hear you breathing with a sigh of the wind. I remember how your body started trembling. Oh, what a night it's been and for the state I'm in. I'm still alone. And all the wonders made for the earth. And all the hearts in all creation. Somehow I always end up alone. Always end up alone, always end up alone. So I play, I'll wait. 'Cause you know that love takes time. We came so far. Just the beat of a lonely heart. And it's mine. And I don't want to be alone. Since I got no message on your answer phone. Since you're busy every minute I just stay at home. I make believe you care, I feel you everywhere. But I'm still alone. I'm on a wheel of fortune with a twist of fate. 'Cause I know it isn't Heaven, is it love or hate?. Am I the subject of the pain and I the stranger in the rain?. I am alone. And if there glory there to behold. Maybe it's my imagination. Another story there to be told. So I play, I'll wait. And I pray it's not too late. We came so far. Just a beat of a lonely heart. And it's mine. And I don't want to be alone. And all the wonders made for the earth. And all the hearts in all creation. Another story there to be told. So I play, I'll wait. And I pray it's not too late. We came so far. Just a beat of a lonely heart. And it's mine. And I don't want to be alone. Gone but not out of sight. I'm caught in the rain and there's no one home. Face the heat of the night. The one that you love got a heart that's made of stone. Shine and search for the light. And sooner or later you'll be cruising on your ocean. And clean out of sight. I'm caught in the rain and there's no one homeShe confessed her love to be. Then she vanished on the breeze. Trying to hold on to that was just impossible. She was more than beautiful, closer to ethereal. With a kind of down to earth flavor. Close my eyes, it's three in the afternoon. Then I, I realize that she's really gone for good. Anybody seen my baby. Anybody seen her around. Love has gone and made me blind. I've looked but I just can't find. She has got lost in the crowd. And I was flippin' magazines. In that place on Mercer Street. When I thought I spotted her. And getting on a motor bike. Looking really lady like. Didn't she just give me a wave?. The salty tears, it's three in the afternoon. Has she disappeared, has she really gone for good. Anybody seen my baby. Anybody seen her around. If I just as close my eyes. I reach out and touch the prize. Anybody seen her around. Oh yeah, that's a loosener. Anybody seen my baby. Has anybody seen her, anybody seen her around. If I could just as close my eyes. I will reach out, reach out and touch the prize. Anybody seen her around. Anybody seen my baby. Anybody seen her around. Lost, lost and never found. I must have called her a thousand times. Oh, sometimes I just think. She's just in my imagination. Lost, lost in the crowdAerosmith. Nine Lives. Falling In Love (Is Hard On The Knees). (Tyler, Perry, Ballard) . . You're so bad you're so bad you're so. You're so bad you're so bad. . You think you're in love. Like it's a real sure thing. But every time you fall. You get your ass in a sling. You used to be strong. But now it's ooh baby please. 'Cause falling in love is so hard on the knees. . You're so bad you're so bad you're so. You're so bad you're so bad. . We was making love when you told me that you loved me. I thought ol' cupid he was taking aim. I was believer when you told me that you loved me. And then you called me someone else's name. . There ain't gonna be no more beggin' you please. You know what I want. And it ain't one of these. You're bad to the bone. And your girlfriend agrees. That falling in love is so hard on the knees. . You're so bad you're so bad you're so. You're so bad you're so bad. . Chip off the old block. Man you're so much like your sister. My fantasize it must be out of luck. My old libido has been blowing a transistor. I feel like I have been hit by a fuck. . Yeah. . I'm Jonesin' on love. Yeah I got the DT's. You say that we will. But there ain't no guarantees. . I'm major in love. But in all minor keys. Cause falling in love is so hard on the knees. . What are you looking for. It's got to be hard core. Must be some kind of nouveau riche. . Is this your only chance. Or some hypnotic trance. Let's get you on a tighter leash. . Own it own it own it. . You're so bad you're so bad you're so. You're so bad you're so bad. . You ain't that good. Is what you said down to the letter. But you like the way I hold the microphone. Sometimes I'm good but when I'm bad. I'm even better. Don't give me no lip. I've got enough of my own. . There ain't gonna be no more beggin' you please. You know what I want. And it ain't one of these. You're bad to the bone. And your girlfriend agrees. That falling in love is so hard on the knees. . I'm Jonesin' on love. Yeah I got the DT's. You say that we will yeah. But there ain't no guarantees. I'm major in love. But in all minor keys. 'Cause falling in love is so hard on the kneesBeetlebum. What you've done?. She's a gun. Now what you've done. Beetlebum?. Get nothing done. You beetlebum, just get numb. Now what you've done. Beetlebum?. And when she lets me slip away. She turns me on, all my violence is gone. Nothing is wrong. I just slip away and I am gone. Nothing is wrong. She turns me on. I just slip away and I am gone. Beetlebum. Because you're young. She's a gun. Now, what you've done. Beetlebum?. She'll suck your thumb. She'll make you come. 'Coz, she's your gun. Now, what you've done. Beetlebum?. And when she lets me slip away. She turns me on, all my violence is gone. Nothing is wrong. I just slip away and I am gone. There's nothing wrong. She turns me on. I just slip away and I am goneTwenty seconds on the back time. I feel you're on the run. Never lived too long to make right. I see you're doing fine. And when I get that feeling. I can no longer slide. I can no longer run. Ah no no. And when I get that feeling. I can no longer hide. For it's no longer fun. Ah no no. Yeah, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about you. What I am is what you want of me. Yeah, now that I'm not there. I took the tables away from you. It's turned and I don't care. And when I get that feeling. I can no longer slide. I can no longer run. Ah no no. And when I get that feeling. I can no longer hide. For it's no longer fun. Ah no no. Yeah, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about you. Yeah, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about you. I've said goodnight, try to sleep tight. Ah, just dream of me. Go, close your eyes 'cause I've closed mine. The sun will shine from time to time. Oh, when you dream of me, yeah. Well, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about you. Yeah, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about you. Yeah, you can say what you want. But it won't change my mind. I'll feel the same about you. And you can tell me your reasons. But it won't change my feelings. I'll feel the same about youI want to tease you. I want to please you. I want to show you, baby. That I need you. I want your body. 'Till the very last drop. I want you to holler. When you want me to stop. And who can love you like me? Nobody. Who can sex you like me? Nobody. Who can treat you like me now, baby? Nobody. Nobody baby, nobody. And who can do it like me? Nobody. And who can give you what you need? Nobody. Who can do you all night long? Nobody. Nobody baby, nobody. I want the night. For me and you. So come here, baby. And let me do it to you. Don't be afraid. 'Cuz I won't bite. I promise to give it to you. Just the way you like. And who can love you like me? Nobody. Who can sex you like me? Nobody. Who can lay your body down? Nobody. Nobody baby, nobody. And who can treat you like me? Nobody. Who can give you what you need? Nobody. And who can do you all night long? Nobody. Nobody baby, nobody. And the band keeps playing on. On on on and on on. On on on and on on. On on on and on on. Nobody baby. . Come on. On on on and on on. On on on and on on. On on on and on on. Nobody baby. I want you right now for my lover. Oh yes I do. Place no one above you. Oh yes I do. If you need love. I'll be right there. I'll be right there, baby. I'll come ridin' on air. Oh yes I will. Oh yes I will. Oh yes I will baby. And who will love you like me, baby? Nobody. Who can sex your body like me, baby? Nobody. Who can do it like me, baby? Nobody. No no no, nobody. Who can lay you down just like me? Nobody. Who can kiss you all over your body, baby? Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. ...So long ago I don't remember when. That's when they say I lost my only friend. Well they said she died easy of a broken heart disease. As I listened through the cemetery trees. I seen the sun coming up at the funeral at dawn. The long broken arm of human law. Now it always seemed such a waste. She always had a pretty face. I wondered why she hung around this place. Hey, come on try a little, nothing is forever. There's got to be something better than in the middle. But me and Cinderella we put it all together. We can drive it home with one headlight. She said it's cold, it feels like Independence Day. And I can't break away from this parade. But there's got to be an opening. Somewhere here in front of me. Through this maze of ugliness and greed. And I seen the sign up ahead at the county line bridge. Saying all is good and nothingness is dead. Run until she's out of breath. She ran until there's nothing left. She hit the end, it's just her window ledge. Hey, come on try a little, nothing is forever. There's got to be something better than in the middle. But me and Cinderella we put it all together. We can drive it home with one headlight. Well this place is old, it feels just like a beat up truck. I turn the engine but the engine doesn't turn. Well it smells of cheap wine and cigarettes. This place is always such a mess. Sometimes I think I'd like to watch it burn. I'm so alone and I feel just like somebody else. Man, I ain't changed, but I know I ain't the same. But somewhere here in between. These city walls of dying dreams. I think her death it must be killing me. Hey, hey, hey! Come on try a little, nothing is forever. There's got to be something better than in the middle. But me and Cinderella we put it all together. We can drive it home with one headlightBon Jovi. Destination Anywhere. Midnight In Chelsea. J. Bon Jovi, Dave Stewart . . The kids 'round here look just like sticks . They trade old licks with a beat up six . I just smile and catch the groove . . Gothic girls all dress in black . Serious as heart attacks . It takes a little bit of getting used to . . The old man with the whiskey stains . Lost the night forgot his name . His poor wife will sleep alone again . And it ain't hard to understand . Why she's holding on to her own hand . . Chorus: . It's midnight in Chelsea, midnight in Chelsea . No one's asking me for favors . No one's looking for a savoir . They're too busy saving me . . (Repeat Chorus) . . I've seen a lone,sloane ranger drive . seems her chauffeur took a dive . And sold her secrets to the sun . And later in a magazine . I finally figured what it means . To be a saint, not a queen . . Two lustful lovers catch a spark . And chase their shadows in the dark . Someone's getting off tonight . Of a big red bus that's packed so tight . It disappears in a trail of light . Somewhere someone's dreaming baby it's all right... . . Chorus: . It's midnight in Chelsea, midnight in Chelsea . No one's asking me for favors . No one's looking for a savoir . They're too busy saving me . Midnight in Chelsea, midnight in Chelsea . No one's pinned dreams on me . No one's asking me to bleed . I'm the man I want to be . When Chelsea girls sing... . . It's morning when I go to sleep . In the distant dawn a church bell rings . Another day is coming on . A baby's born, an old man dies . Somewhere young lovers kiss good-bye . I leave my soul and just move on . And wish that I was there to sing this song . . Chorus: . It's midnight in Chelsea, midnight in Chelsea . No one's asking me for favors . No one's looking for a savoir . They're too busy saving me . . It's midnight in Chelsea, midnight in Chelsea . No one's pinned dreams on me . No one's asking me to bleed . I'm the man I want to be . The man I want to be,the man I want to be . Midnight in ChelseaBruce Springsteen. Greatest Hits. Secret Garden. She'll let you in her house. If you come knockin' late at night. She'll let you in her mouth. If the words you say are right. If you pay the price. She'll let you deep inside. But there's a secret garden she hides. . She'll let you in her car. To go drivin' round. She'll let you into the parts of herself. That'll bring you down. She'll let you in her heart. If you got a hammer and a vise. But into her secret garden, don't think twice. . You've gone a million miles. How far'd you get. To that place where you can't remember. And you can't forget. . She'll lead you down a path. There'll be tenderness in the air. She'll let you come just far enough. So you know she's really there. She'll look at you and smile. And her eyes will say. She's got a secret garden. Where everything you want. Where everything you need. Will always stay. A million miles awayAnd i'd give up forever to touch you. 'Cause I know that you feel me somehow. You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be. And I don't want to go home right now. And all I can taste is this moment. And all I can breathe is your life. 'Cause sooner or later it's over. I just don't want to miss you tonight. And I don't want the world to see me. 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's made to be broken. I just want you to know who I am. And you can't fight the tears that ain't coming. Or the moment of truth in your lies. When everything feels like the movies. Yeah you bleed just to know you're alive. And I don't want the world to see me. 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's made to be broken. I just want you to know who I am. And I don't want the world to see me. 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's made to be broken. I just want you to know who I am. And I don't want the world to see me. 'Cause I don't think that they'd understand. When everything's made to be broken. I just want you to know who I am. I just want you to know who I am. I just want you to know who I am. I just want you to know who I amI'm a big big girl. In a big big world. It's not a big big thing if u leave me. But I do do feel. That I do do will. Miss you much. Miss you much. I can see the first leafs falling. It's all yellow and nice. It's so very cold outside. Like the way I'm feeling inside. I'm a big big girl. In a big big world. It's not a big big thing if u leave me. But I do do feel. That I do do will. Miss you much. Miss you much. Outside it's no raining. And tears are falling from my eyes. Why did it have to happen. Why did it all have to end. I'm a big big girl. In a big big world. It's not a big big thing if u leave me. But I do do feel. That I do do will. Miss you much. Miss you much. I have your arms around me. Warm like fire. But when I open my eyes.... Your gone. I'm a big big girl. In a big big world. It's not a big big thing if u leave me. But I do do feel. That I do do will. Miss you much. Miss you much. I'm a big big girl. In a big big world. It's not a big big thing. If u leave me. But I do. Feel I will. Miss you much. Miss you muchNAIt's been one week since you looked at me. Cocked your head to the side and said I'm angry. Five days since you laughed at me saying. Get that together come back and see me. Three days since the living room. I realized it's all my fault but couldn't tell you. Yesterday, you'd forgiven me. But it'll still be two days till I say I'm sorry. Hold it now and watch the hood wink. As I make you stop think. You'll think you're looking at aqua man. I summon fish to the dish although I like the Chalet Swiss. I like the Sushi 'cause it's never touched a frying pan. Hot like Wasabe when I bust rhymes. Big like Leann Rimes. Because I'm all about value. Bert Kaempfert's got the mad hits. You try to match wits, you try to hold me but I bust through. Gonna make a break and take a fake. I'd like a stinkin' achin' shake. I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors. Gotta see the show 'cause then you'll know. The vertigo is gonna grow. 'Cause it's so dangerous. You'll have to sign a waiver. How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad?. Trying hard not to smile though I feel bad. I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral. Can't understand what I mean? Well, you soon will. I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve. I have a history of taking off my shirt. It's been one week since you looked at me. Threw your arms in the air and said you're crazy. Five days since you tackled me. I've still got the rug burns on both my knees. It's been three days since the afternoon. You realized it's not my fault not a moment too soon. Yesterday, you'd forgiven me. And now I sit back and wait till you say you're sorry. Chickity China of the Chinese chicken. You have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin'. Watchin' X files with no lights on. We're dans la maison. I hope the smoking man's in this one. Like Harrison Ford I'm getting frantic. Like Sting I'm Tantric. Like snickers guaranteed to satisfy. Like Kurasawa I make mad films. Okay, I don't make films. But if I did they'd have a Samurai. Gonna get a set of better clubs. Gonna find the kind with tiny nubs. Just so my irons aren't always flying off the back swing. Gotta get in tune with sailor moon. 'Cause the cartoon has got the boom Anime Babes. That make me think the wrong thing. How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad?. Tryin' hard not to smile though I feel bad. I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral. Can't understand what I mean?. Well, you soon will. I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve. I have a history of losing my shirt. It's been one week since you looked at me. Dropped your arms to your sides and said I'm sorry. Five days since I laughed at you and said. You just did just what I thought you were gonna do. Three days since the living room. We realized we're both to blame. But what could we do?. Yesterday, you just smiled at me. 'Cause it'll still be two days till we say we're sorry. It'll still be two days till we say we're sorry. It'll still be two days till we say we're sorry. Birch mount stadium, home of the RobbieHangin' round downtown by myself. And I had so much time. To sit and think about myself. And then there she was. Like double cherry pie. Yeah there she was. Like disco superfly. I smell sex and candy here. Who's that lounging in my chair. Who's that casting devious stares. In my direction. Mama this surely is a dream. Hangin' round downtown by myself. And I had too much caffeine. And I was thinkin' 'bout myself. And then there she was. In double platform suede. Yeah there she was. Like disco lemonade. I smell sex and candy here. Who's that lounging in my chair. Who's that casting devious stares. In my direction. Mama this surely is a dream. Mama this surely is a dream. Yeah mama this must be my dreamSailin' down behind the sun. Waitin' for the Prince to come. Praying for the healing rain. To restore my soul again. Just a toe rag on the run. How did I get here?. What have I done?. When will all my hopes arise?. How will I know him. When I look in my father's eyes?.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. When I looked in my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. Then the light begins to shine. And I hear those ancient lullabies. And as I watch this seedling grow. Feel my heart start to overflow. Where do I find the words to say?. How do I teach him?. What do we play?. Bit by bit, I've realized. That's when I need them. That's when I need my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. That's when I need my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes.   (Yeah). Then the jagged edge appears. Through the distant clouds of tears. Now I'm like a bridge that was washed away. My foundations were made of clay. As my soul slides down to die. How could I lose him?. What did I try?. Bit by bit, I've realized. That he was here with me. And I looked into my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. I looked into my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. My father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. I looked into my father's eyes.   (Look into my father's eyes). My father's eyes. (Look into my father's eyes). (Look into my father's eyes). (Yeah, yeah). (Look into my father's eyes)Hello. Can you hear me. Am I getting through to you. Hello. Is it late there. Is there laughter on the line. Are you sure you're there alone. 'Cause i'm. Trying to explain. Something's wrong. You just don't sound the same. Why don't you. Why don't you. Go outside. Go outside. Kiss the rain. Whenever you need me. Kiss the rain. Whenever I'm gone too long. If your lips feel lonely and thirsty. Kiss the rain. And wait for the dawn. Keep in mind. We're under the same sky. And the night's. As empty for me as for you. If you feel. You can't wait till morning. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. Hello. Do you miss me. I hear you say you do. But not the way I'm missing you. What's new. How's the weather. Is it stormy where you are. You sound so close but it feels like you're so far. Oh would it mean anything. If you knew. What I'm left imagining. In my mind. My mind. Would you go. Would you go. Kiss the rain. As you fall. Over me. Think of me. Think of me. Think of me. Only me. Kiss the rain. Whenever you need me. Kiss the rain. Whenever I'm gone too long. If your lips. Feel hungry and tempted. Kiss the rain. And wait for the dawn. Keep in mind. We're under the same sky. And the night's. As empty for me as for you. If you feel you can't wait till morning. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. (Kiss the rain). (Kiss the rain). (Kiss the rain). Hello. Can you hear me. Can you hear me. Can you hear meOh, make me over. I'm all I want to be. A walking study. In demonology. Hey, so glad you could make it. Yeah, now you really made it. Hey, so glad you could make it now. Oh, look at my face. My name is Might Have Been. My name is Never Was. My name's Forgotten. Hey, so glad you could make it. Yeah, now you really made it. Hey, so glad you could make it now. When I wake up in my makeup. It's too early for that dress. Wilted and faded somewhere in Hollywood. I'm glad I came here with your pound of flesh. No second billing 'cause you're a star now. Oh Cinderella, they aren't sluts like you. Beautiful garbage, beautiful dresses. Can you stand up or will you just fall down?. You better watch out. For what you wish for. It better be worth it. So much to die for. Hey, so glad you could make it. Yeah, now you really made it. Hey, so glad you could make it now. When I wake up in my makeup. Have you ever felt so used up as this?. It's all so sugarless. Hooker, waitress. Model, actress. Oh, just go nameless. Honeysuckle, she's full of poison. She obliterated everything she kissed. Now she's fading somewhere in Hollywood. I'm glad I came here with your pound of flesh. You want a part of me. Well, I'm not selling cheap. No, I'm not selling cheapI don't know what your looking for. You haven't found it baby, that's for sure. You rip me up and spread me all around. In the dust of the dead of time. And this is not a case of lust, you see. It's not a matter of you versus me. It's fine the way you want me on your own. But in the end it's always me alone. And I'm losing my favorite game. You're losing your mind again. I'm losing my baby. Losing my favorite game. I only know what I've been working for. Another you so I could love you more. I really thought that I could take you there. But my experiment is not getting us anywhere. I had a vision I could turn you right. A stupid mission and a legal fight. I should have seen it when my hope was new. My heart is black and my body is blue. And I'm losing my favorite game. You're losing your mind again. I'm losing my favorite game. You're losing your mind again. I'm losing my baby. Losing my favorite game. I'm losing my favorite game. You're losing your mind again. I've tried. I've tried. But you're still the same. I'm losing my baby. You're losing a savior and a saintPink, it's my new obsession. Pink, it's not even a question. Pink, on the lips of your lover. (oh). 'Cause Pink is the love you discover. Pink, as the bing on your cherry. Pink, 'cause you are so very. Pink, it's the color of passion. Ah, 'cause today it just goes with the fashion. Pink, it was love at first sight. Yeah, Pink when I turn out the light. And Pink gets me high as a kite. And I think everything is going to be all right. No matter what we do tonight. You could be my flamingo. 'Cause pink, it's the new kinda of lingo. Pink - like a deco umbrella. It's pink but you don't ever tell her. Pink, it was love at first sight. And Pink when I turn out the light. Pink gets me high as a kite. And I think everything is going to be all right. No matter what we do tonight. I want to be your lover. I, I wanna wrap you in rubber. And it's pink as the sheets that we lay on. 'Cause Pink, it's my favorite crayon. Yeah!. Pink, it was love at first sight. Pink, when I turn out the light. Pink, it's like red but not quite. And I think, everything is going to be all right. No matter what we do tonightSo open up your morning light. And say a little prayer for I. You know that if we are to stay alive. Then see the peace in every eye. She had two babies, one was six months, one was three. In the war of '44. Every telephone ring, every heartbeat stinging. When she thought it was God calling her. Oh, would her son grow to know his father?. I don't want to to wait for our lives to be over. I want to know right now what will it be. I don't want to wait for our lives to be over. Will it be yes or will it be sorry?. He showed up all wet on the rainy front step. Wearing shrapnel in his skin. And the war he saw lives inside him still. It's so hard to be gentle and warm. The years pass by and now he has granddaughters. I don't want to to wait for our lives to be over. I want to know right now what will it be. I don't want to wait for our lives to be over. Will it be yes or will it be sorry?. You look at me from across the room. You're wearing your anguish again. Believe me I know the feeling. It sucks you into the jaws of anger. So breathe a little more deeply my love. All we have is this very moment. And I don't want to do what his father. And his father, and his father did. I want to be here now. So open up your morning light. And say a little prayer for I. You know that if we are to stay alive. Then see the love in every eye. I don't want to to wait for our lives to be over. I want to know right now what will it be. I don't want to wait for our lives to be over. Will it be yes or will it be sorry?NAWell now we call this the act of mating. But there are several other very important differences. Between human beings and animals that you should know about. I'd appreciate your input. Sweat baby sweat baby sex is a Texas drought. Me and you do the kind of stuff that only Prince would sing about. So put your hands down my pants and I'll bet you'll feel nuts. Yes I'm Siskel, yes I'm Hebert and you're getting two thumbs up. You've had enough of two hand touch. You want it rough you're out of bounds. I want you smothered want you covered. Like my waffle house hash browns. Come quicker than Fed-Ex never reach an apex. Just like Coca Cola stock. You are inclined to make me rise an hour early. Just like daylight savings time. (Do it now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery channel. (Do it again now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery channel. (Gettin' horny now). Love the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket. Like the lost catacombs of Egypt only God knows where we stuck it. Hieroglyphics? let me be specific I wanna be down in your south seas. But I got this notion that the motion of your ocean. Means "Small Craft Advisory". So if I capsize on your thighs. High tide B 5 you sunk my battleship please turn me on. I'm Mister Coffee with an automatic drip, so show me yours. I'll show you mine tool time you'll love it just like Lyle. And then we'll do it doggy style so we can both watch X Files. (Do it now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Do it again now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Gettin' horny now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Do it again now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Do it now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Do it again now). You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals. So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel. (Gettin' horny now)Every morning there's a halo hangin'. From the corner of my girlfriend's four post bed. I know it's not mine but I'll see if I can use it for. The weekend or a one-night stand. Couldn't understand how to work it out. Once again as predicted. Left my broken heart open. And you ripped it out. Something's got me reeling. Stopped me from believing. Turn me around again. Said that we can do it. You know I wanna do it again. Sugar ray say, every morning. Every morning when I wake up. Shut the door baby, don't say a word. She always rights wrongs. She always rights, she always rights. Shut the door baby, shut the door baby. Every morning there's a heartache hanging. From the corner of my girlfriend's four-post bed. I know it's not mine and I know she thinks she loves me. But I never can believe what she said. Something so deceiving. When you stop believing. Turn me around again. Said we couldn't do it. You know I wanna do it again. Every morning, every morning when I wake up. Shut the door baby, don't say a word. Every morning, every morning when I wake up. Shut the door baby, shut the door baby. She always rights the wrongs for me, baby. She always rights the wrongs for me. Every morning there's a halo hanging. From the corner of my girlfriends four-post bed. I know it's not mine but I'll see if I can use it for. The weekend or a one-night stand. Shut the door baby, don't say a word. Every morning, every morning when I wake up. Shut the door baby, shut the door baby. Every morning, every morning. Shut the door baby, don't say a word. Every morning, every morning when I wake up. Every morning, shut the door babyCould you whisper in my ear. The things you want to feel. I'll give you anything. To feel it comin'. Do you wake up on your own. And wonder where you are. You live with all your faults. I wanna wake up where you are. I won't say anything at all. So why don't you slide. Yeah, we're gonna let it slide. Don't you love the life you killed. The priest is on the phone. Your father hit the wall. Your ma disowned you. Don't suppose I'll ever know. What it means to be a man. Something I can't change. I'll live around it. I wanna wake up where you are. I won't say anything at all. So why don't you slide. Mmm slide. And I'll do anything you ever. Dreamed to be complete. Little pieces of the nothing that, fall. Oh May, put your arms around me. What you feel is what you are. And what you are is beautiful. Oh May, do you wanna get married. Or run away. And I'll do anything you ever. Dreamed to be complete. Little pieces of the nothing that, fall. Oh May, put your arms around me. What you feel is what you are. And what you are is beautiful. Oh May, do you wanna get married. Or run away. I wanna wake up where you are. I won't say anything at all. Yeah, slide. And I'll do anything you ever. Dreamed to be complete. Little pieces of the nothing that fall. And I'll do anything you ever. Dreamed to be complete. Little pieces of the nothing that, fall. Oh oh oh slide. Just slide between the sheets of all the beds you never knew. Yeah, slide. Why don't you slide into my room. Just slide into my room. Oh, we'll run away, run away, run awayShe moves like she don't care. Smooth as silk, cool as air. Ooh it makes you wanna cry. She doesn't know your name. And your heart beats like a subway train. Ooh it makes you wanna die. Ooh, don't you wanna take her?. Wanna make her all your own?. Maria, you've gotta see her. Go insane and out of your mind. Latina, Ave Maria. A million and one candle lights. I've seen this thing before. In my best friend and the boy next door. Fool for love and full of fire. Won't come in from the rain. She's oceans running down the drain. Blue as ice and desire. Don't you wanna make her?. Ooh, don't you wanna take her home?. Maria, you've gotta see her. Go insane and out of your mind. Latina, Ave Maria. A million and one candle lights. Ooh, don't you wanna break her?. Ooh, don't you wanna take her home?. She walks like she don't care. Walkin' on imported air. Ooh, it makes you wanna die. Maria, you've gotta see her. Go insane and out of your mind. Latina, Ave Maria. A million and one candle lights. Maria, you've gotta see her. Go insane and out of your mind. Latina, Ave Maria. A million and one candle lightsI wish that I could fly. Into the sky. So very high. Just like a dragonfly. I'd fly above the trees. Over the seas. In all degrees. To anywhere I please. Oh, I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea. Let's go and see the stars. The Milky Way or even Mars. Where it could just be ours. Let's fade into the sun. Let your spirit fly. Where we are one. Just for a little fun. Oh, oh, oh yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea. I got to get away. Girl I got to get away. Oh, oh, oh yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea.    (With you ). Oh yeah. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea.    (With you ). I got to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. Yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea.    (With you ). Girl I got to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. I want to get away. Yea. I want to get away. I want to fly away. Yea, yea, yea.    (With you ). Yea, yea, yea, yea, yeaIt's amazing how you can speak right to my heart. Without saying a word, you can light up the dark. Try as I may I can never explain. What I hear when you don't say a thing. The smile on your face lets me know that you need me. There's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me. The touch of your hand says you'll catch me wherever I fall. You say it best, when you say nothing at all. All day long I can hear people talking out loud. But when you hold me near, you drown out the crowd. Try as they may they could never define. What's been said between your heart and mine. The smile on your face lets me know that you need me. There's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me. The touch of your hand says you'll catch me wherever I fall. You say it best when you say noting at all. The smile on your face lets me know that you need me. There's a truth in your eyes saying you'll never leave me. The touch of your hand says you'll catch me wherever I fall. You say it best, when you say nothing at all. (You say it best when you say nothing at all. You say it best when you say nothing at all.). That smile on your face. The truth in your eyes. The touch of your hand. Let's me know that you need me. (You say it best when you say nothing at all. You say it best when you say nothing at all.)You know this boogie is for real. I used to put my faith in worship. But then my chance to get to heaven slipped. I used to worry about the future. But then I threw my caution to the wind. I had no reason to be care free, no, no, no. Until I took a trip to the other side of town, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know I heard that boogie rhythm, hey. I had no choice but to get down, down, down, down. Dance, nothing left for me to do but dance. Off these bad times I'm going through just dance. Got canned heat in my heals tonight, baby. I feel the thunder, see the lightning. I know this anger's heaven sent. So I've got to hang out all my hang-ups. Because of the boogie I feel so hell bent, hey, hey. It's just an instant gut reaction, that I got. I know I never ever felt like this before. I don't know what to do but then that's nothing new. Stuck between hell and high water I need a cure to make it through. Hey dancing nothing left for me to do but dance. Off these bad times I'm going through just dance. Hey, got canned heat in my heals tonight, baby. You know, know, know I'm gonna dance, yeah. Off the nasty things that people say. Dance yeah, but I'm gonna make it anyway. Dance yeah, got canned heat up my heels tonight baby. You know I've got canned heat up my heels. You know this boogie is for real. Only the wind can blow the answer. And she cries to me when I'm asleep. She says you know that you can go much faster. I know that peoples' talk can be so cheap, hey. I got this voodoo child in veined on me. I'm gonna use my power to ascend. You know I got these running heels to use. Sometimes there's no way I lose, I was born to run and built to last. You've never seen my feet 'cause they move so fast. Dance yeah, hey nothing left for me to do but dance. Off these bad times I'm going through just dance, hey. Got canned heat in my heals tonight, baby. Hey, I've got to dance, yeah. Off the nasty things that people say. Dance yeah, but I'm gonna make it anyway. Dance yeah, got canned heat up my heels tonight, baby. You know this boogie is for real. Got so much canned heat in my heels, yeah. Gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight. You know I'm gonna dance my blues away. You know this boogie is for real. Got so much canned heat in my heels, yeah. Gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight. Dance, come on got canned heat in my heels tonight. Dance, canned heat in my heels tonight. Dance, canned heat in my heels tonight, baby. Hey, got so much. Dance, hey, DJ let the music play. (Let the music play). I'm gonna let this party live. (I wanna let this party live). Hey, DJ throw my cares away. (Let the music play). I'm gonna let this party live. (I wanna let this party live). Hey, DJ let the music play. (I'm gonna let this party live). I'm gonna let this party live. (I'm gonna let this party live). Hey, DJ throw my cares away. (Party live, I'm gonna let this party live, hey). I'm gonna let this party live. Canned heat in my heels tonight. Dance, you know this boogie is for real. Dance, got so much canned heat in my heels. Dance, gonna dance, gonna dance my blues away tonight. Dance, you know, you know this boogie this boogie is for real. Dance, got so much canned heat, canned heat in my heels. Dance, you know I'm gonna dance my blues away tonight. Dance, you know I'm gonna dance my blues away tonightOffspring. Miscellaneous. Why Don't You Get A Job? (Baka Boyz Remix). My friend's got a girlfriend and he hates that bitch,. He tells me every day.. (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. He says: "Man, I really gotta lose my chick. In the worst kind of a way.". (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. . She sits on her ass he works his hands to the bone. To give her money every payday.. But she wants more dinero just to stay at home.. Well, my friend, you gotta say:. . My friend's got a girlfriend and he hates that bitch,. (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. . My friend's got a boyfriend and she hates that dick,. (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. . I guess all this money... well, it isn't enough,. To keep the bill colectors at bay.. I guess all this money... well, it isn't enough,. 'Cause that girl's got expensive taste.. . My friend's got a boyfriend and she hates that dick,. (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. . My friend's got a girlfriend and he hates that bitch,. (Boy, get a job!) [scratching]. . Well, I guess it ain't easy doing nothing at all, oh yeah.. But, hey man, free ride's just to come on along, every day.. . [Scratching]. . My friend's got a boyfriend and she hates that dick,. She tells me every day, bitch!. He watchs dinero just to stay at home.. Well, my friend, you gotta say:. . Dick - bitch. Dick - bitch, bitch. Dick - bitch. Bitch, bitch, bitch. Dick - bitch. Dick - bitch, bitch. Dick - bitch. Dick - bitch [Scratching]When superstars and cannon balls are runnin' through your head. And television freak show, cops and robbers everywhere. Subway makes me nervous, people pushin' me too far. I've got to break away so take my hand now. 'Cause I want to live. Like animals. Careless and free. Like animals. I want to live. I want to run through the jungle. The wind in my hair and the sand at my feet. I've been having difficulties keepin' to myself. Feelings and emotions better left up on the shelf. Animals and children tell the truth they never lie. Which one is more human. There's a thought, now you decide. Compassion in the jungle. Compassion in your head, yeah. Would you like to make a run for it. Would you like to take my hand, yeah. 'Cause I want to live. Like animals. Careless and free. Like animals. I want to live. I want to run through the jungle. The wind in my hair and the sand at my feet. Sometimes this life can get you down. It's so confusing. There's so many rules to follow. And I feel it. 'Cause I just run away in my mind. Superstars and cannon balls are runnin' through your head. Television freak show cops and robbers everywhere. Animals and children tell the truth they never lie. Which one is more human. There's a thought, now you decide. Compassion in the jungle. Compassion in your head, yea. Would you like to make a run for it. Would you like to take my hand, yea. 'Cause I want to live. Like animals. Careless and free. Like animals. I want to live. I want to run through the jungle. The wind in my hair and the sand at my feet. 'Cause I want to live. Like animals. Careless and free. Like animals. I want to live. I want to run through the jungle. The wind in my hair, yea yea. I want to live. I want to live. I want to live. Like animals. I want to live. Like animals. Like animals. Like animals. Can you feel it. Like animals. Can you feel it. Can you feel it. Like animals. Can you feel it. Like animals. Can you feel it. Like animals. Can you feel it. Like animalsI know how to hurt. I know how to heal. I know what to show. And what to conceal. . I know when to talk. And I know when to touch. No one ever died. From wanting too much. . The world is not enough. But it is such a perfect place to start, my love. And if you're strong enough. Together we can take the world apart, my love. . People like us. Know how to survive. There's no point in living. If you can't feel alive. . We know when to kiss. And we know when to kill. If we can't have it all. Then nobody will. . The world is not enough. But it is such a perfect place to start, my love. And if you're strong enough. Together we can take the world apart, my love. . I feel safe. I feel scared. I feel ready. And yet unprepared. . The world is not enough. But it is such a perfect place to start, my love. And if you're strong enough. Together we can take the world apart, my love. . The world is not enough. The world is not enough. No, nowhere near enough. The world is not enoughHow many of you people out there. Been hurt in some kind of love affair?. And how many times did you swear. That you'd never love again?. How many lonely, sleepless nights?. How many lies, how many fights?. And why would you want to. Put yourself through all of that again?. Love is pain I hear you say. Love is a cruel and bitter way of. Paying you back for all the faith you ever had in your brain. How could it be that what you need the most. Can leave you feeling just like a ghost?. You never want to feel so sad and lost again. One day you could be looking. Through an old book in rainy weather. You see a picture of her smiling at you. When you were still together. Or you could be walking down the street. And who should you chance to meet?. But that same old smile you've been thinking of all day?. Why don't we turn the clock to zero honey. I'll sell the stock we'll spend all the money. We're starting up a brand new day. Turn the clock all the way back. I wonder if she'll take me back. I'm thinking in a brand new way. Turn the clock to zero sister. You'll never know how much I missed her. I'm starting up a brand new day. Turn the clock to zero boss. The rivers wide we'll swim across. We're starting up a brand new day. It could happen to you. Just like it happened to me. There is simply no immunity. There's no guarantee. I say love is such a force if you find yourself in it. You need some time for reflection. You say, baby wait a minute, wait a minute. Turn the clock to zero honey. I'll sell the stock we'll spend all the money. We're starting up a brand new day. Turn the clock to zero Mack. I'm begging her to take me back. I'm thinking in a brand new way. Turn the clock to zero boss. The river's wide we'll swim across. We're starting up a brand new day. Turn the clock to zero buddy. Don't wanna be no fuddy duddy. We're Starting up a brand new day. I'm the rhythm in your tune. I'm the sun and you're the moon. I'm the bat and you're the cave. You're the beach and I'm the wave. I'm the plough and you're the land. You're the glove and I'm the hand. I'm the train and you're the station. I'm the flagpole to your nation. I'm the present to your future. You're the wound and I'm the suture. You're the magnet to my pole. I'm the devil in your soul. You're the pupil I'm the teacher. You're the church and I'm the preacher. You're the flower I'm the rain. You're the tunnel I'm the train. Stand up all you lovers in the world. Stand up and be counted, every boy and every girl. Stand up all you lovers in the world. We're starting up a brand new day. You're the crop to my rotation. You're the sum of my equation. I'm the answer to your question. If you follow my suggestion. We can turn this ship around. We'll go up instead of down. You're the pan and I'm the handle. You're the flame and I'm the candle. I'm the bee and your the flower. You're the princess in the tower. I'm the mast and your the sail. I'm the hammer your the nail). Stand up, all you lovers in the world. Stand up and be counted, every boy and every girl. Stand up, all you lovers in the world. We're starting up a brand new dayWe've all seen the man at the liquor store beggin' for your change. the hair on his face is dirty, dreadlocked and full of mange. he asks a man for what he could spare with shame in his eyes. get a job you fucking slob is all he replied.. God forbid you ever had to walk mile in his shoes. 'cause then you really might know what its like to sing the blues. then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). Mary got pregnant from a kid named Tom who said he was in love. he said don't worry 'bout a thing baby doll, I'm the man you've been dreamin' of. but three months later he say he wont date her or return her calls. and she swear 'god damn if I find that man Im cutting off his balls'. then she heads for the clinic and she gets some static walking through the door. they call her a killer and they call her a sinner and they call her a whore. God forbid you ever had to walk mile in her shoes. 'cause then you really might know what its like to have to choose. then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). I've seen a rich man beg, I've seen a good man sin, I've seen a tough man cry. I've seen a loser win and a sad man grin, I heard an honest man lie. I've seen the good side of bad and the down side of up and everything between. I licked the silver spoon, drank from the golden cup and smoked the finest green. I Stroked the fattest dimes at least a couple of times before I broke their hearts. you know where it is yo, it usually depends on where you start.. I knew this kid Max. He used to get fast stacks out on the corner with drugs. he liked to hang out late at night, liked to get shit faced and keep pace with thugs. Until late one night there was a big gunfight. Max lost his head. he pulled out his chrome .45, talked some shit and wound up dead. Now his wife and his kids are caught in the midst of all his pain. you know it crumbles that way, at least that's what they say when you play the game.. God forbid you ever had to wake up to hear the news. 'cause then you really might know whats its like to have to lose. and then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). then you really might know what its like (what its like). to have to lose.Someday. When my life has passed me by. I lay around and wonder why. You were always there for me. One way. In the eyes of a passerby. I look around for another try. And fade away. Just close your eyes and I'll take you there. This place is warm without a care. We'll take a swim in the deep blue sea. I go to leave and you reach for me. Some say. Better things will come our way. No matter what they try to say. You were always there for me. Someway. When the sun begins to shine. I hear a song from another time. And fade away. And fade away. Just close your eyes and I'll take you there. This place is warm without a care. We'll take a swim in the deep blue sea. I go to leave and you reach for me. Someone said you tried too long. Someone said we got it all. Someone said we tried too long. Is there a place where I belong?. So far and so long. So far away. So far and so wrong. So far away, away, away. Some day. When my life has passed me by. I lay around and wonder why. You were always there for me. One way. In the eyes of a passerby. I look around for another try. And fade away. And fade away. And fade away. And fade away. ...The heart is a bloom. Shoots up through the stony ground. There's no room. No space to rent in this town. You're out of luck. And the reason that you had to care. The traffic is stuck. And you're not movin' anywhere. You thought you'd found a friend. To take you out of this place. Someone you could lend, a hand. In return for grace. It's a beautiful day. Sky falls, you feel like. It's a beautiful day. Don't let it get away. You're on the road. But you've got no destination. You're in the mud. In the maze of her imagination. You love this town. Even if that doesn't ring true. You've been all over. And it's been all over you. It's a beautiful day. Don't let it get away. It's a beautiful day. Touch me. Take me to that other place. Teach me and. I know I'm not a hopeless case. See the world in green and blue. See China right in front of you. See the canyons broken by cloud. See the tuna fleets clearing the sea out. See the Bedouin fires of night. See the oil fields at first light and. See the bird with a leaf in her mouth. After the flood all the colours came out. It was a beautiful day. Don't let it get away. Beautiful day. Touch me. Take me to that other place. Reach me. I know I'm not a hopeless case. What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now. Don't need it now. It's a beautiful dayLadies and gents. Turn up your sound systems. To the sound of Carlos Santana. In the GMB ghetto blues. From the refugee camps. Oh Maria, Maria. She remind me of a West Side story. Growin' up in Spanish Harlem. She livin' a life just like a movie star. Oh Maria, Maria. She fell in love in East L.A.. To the sounds of the guitar yeah yeah. Played by Carlos Santana. Stop the lootin', stop the shootin'. Pick pocking on the corner. See as the rich is getting richer. The poor is getting poorer. Se mira Maria on the corner. Thinkin' of ways to make it better. In my mailbox there's an eviction letter. Somebody just said, "See you later". Yeah. Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. (East Coast). Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. Maria, Maria.   (West Coast). She remind me of a West Side story. Growin' up in Spanish Harlem. She livin' a life just like a movie star. Oh Maria, Maria. She fell in love in East L.A.. I said it to the sounds of the guitar yeah yeah. Played by Carlos Santana. I said a la favella, los colores. The streets are getting hotter. There is no water to put out the fire. Mi canto la esperanza. Se mira Maria on the corner. Thinkin' of ways to make it better. Then I looked up in the sky. Hopin' the days of paradise. Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. (North side). Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. (South side). Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. (Worldwide). Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola. Ahora vengo mama chola. (Open up your eyes). Maria you know you're my lover. When the wind blows I can feel you. Through the weather and even when we're apart. It still feels like we're together. Maria, oh yeah. She remind me of a West Side story. Growin' up in Spanish Harlem. She livin' a life just like a movie star. Oh Maria, Maria. Oh, she fell in love in East L.A.. To the sounds of the guitar. Played by Carlos Santana. Put 'em up y'all. Carlos Santana with the refugee camp. Wyclef, Jerry "Wonder". Mr. Santana, GMB. Yo, Carlos man, you makin' that guitar cryDon't tell me to stop. Tell the rain not to drop. Tell the wind not to blow. 'Cause you said so, mmm. Tell the sun not to shine. Not to get up this time, no no. Let it fall by the way. But don't leave me where I lay down. Tell me love isn't true. It's just something that we do. Tell me everything I'm not. But please don't tell me to stop. Tell the leaves not to turn. But don't ever tell me I'll learn, no no. Take the black off a crow. But don't tell me I have to go. Tell the bed not to lay. Like the open mouth of a grave, yeah. Not to stare up at me. Like a calf down on its knees. Tell me love isn't true. It's just something that we do. Tell me everything I'm not. But don't ever tell me to stop. Don't you ever tell me love isn't true. It's just something that we do. Don't you ever tell me everything I'm not. But don't ever tell me to stop. Don't you ever. Please don't. Please don't. Please don't tell me to stop.  (Don't you ever tell me). Don't you ever. Don't ever tell me to stop. (Tell the rain not to drop). Tell the bed not to lay. Like a open mouth of a grave, yeah. Not to stare up at me. Like a calf down on its kneesNAAll attention in the world today. All the little girls fillin' up the world today. When the good comes to bad, the bad comes to good. But I'ma live my life like I should. (Like I should). Now all the critics wanna hit it. Shit can, now we did it. Just because they don't get it. But I'll stay fitted. New era committed. Now this red cap. Gets a rap from his critics. Do we always gotta cry?. (Always gotta cry?). Do we always gotta be inside a lie?. (Live inside a lie). Life is just a blast movin' very fast.   (Blast, blast, blast, blast). Better stay on top or life will kick you in the ass. Follow me into a solo. Remember that, kid. So what you wanna do?. And where you gonna run?. When you starin' down a cable. Of a mic pointed, that you grill like a gun. Limp Bizkit is rocking the set. It's like Russian roulette. When you're placin' your bet. So don't be upset. When you're broke. And you're done. 'Cause I'ma be the one. Till I jet. (I'ma be the one till I jet). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me). 'Cause hate is all the world has even seen lately. I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me). Now I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me?). 'Cause hate is all the world has even seen lately. Why you wanna hate me?. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. And now you wanna hate me. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. Does anybody really know the secret?. Or the combination for this life and where they keep it?. It's kinda sad when you don't know the meanin'. But everything happens for a reason. (Everything happens for a reason). I don't even know what I should say. 'Cause I'm an idiot a loser, microphone abuser. I analyze every second I exist. Beatin' up my mind every second with my fist. And everybody wanna run.   (Wanna run). Everybody wanna hide from the gun. (Hide from the gun). You can take that ride through this life if you want. But you can't take that edge off that knife. (No sir). And now you want your money back.   (Your money back). But you're denied 'cause your brain's fried from the sac. And there ain't nothing I can do. 'Cause life is a lesson, you'll learn it when you're through. I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me?). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me?). I know why you wanna hate me.   (Why you wanna hate me?). 'Cause hate is all the world has even seen lately. I know why you wanna hate me.   (You wanna hate me). I know why you wanna hate me.   (You wanna hate me). Now I know why you wanna hate me. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. Why you wanna hate me?. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. Now you wanna hate me. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. Now I know why. Now I know why. Now I know why. Now I know why you wanna hate me?. Now I know why you wanna hate me?. Now I know why you wanna hate me?. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen lately. 'Cause hate is all the world has seen, has seen latelyWell I just heard the news today. It seems my life is gonna change. I closed my eyes, begin to pray. Then tears of joy stream down my face. With arms wide open under the sunlight. Welcome to this place I'll show you everything. With arms wide open. With arms wide open. Well I don't know if I'm ready. To be the man I have to be. I'll take a breath, I'll take her by my side. We stand in awe, we've created life. With arms wide open under the sunlight. Welcome to this place I'll show you everything. With arms wide open now everything has changed. I'll show you love I'll show you everything. With arms wide open. With arms wide open. I'll show you everything, aw yeah. With arms wide open, wide open. If I had just one wish only one demand. I hope he's not like me, I hope he understands. That he can take this life and hold it by the hand. And he can greet the world with arms wide open. With arms wide open under the sunlight. Welcome to this place I'll show you everything. With arms wide open now everything has changed. I'll show you love I'll show you everything. With arms wide open. With arms wide open. I'll show you everything, aw yeah. With arms wide open. Wide openYou can do it. . Until the break of dawn. Life, life, and I quote by the letter. Time, time, Prozac can make it better. Noise, noise, any kind will do. Can you feel it slip away, well, it's all on you. . Crime, crime, rockin' like Janet Reno. Time, time, eighteen and life in Chino. Void, void, all along it's true. Well, you see the coming day. Catches up to you, yeah. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. Knock down the place. You're alone, it's true. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. You're gonna keep. Your head up through it all. . You're gonna bust out on it. Original Prankster. Break out, yeah. Original, yeah. . Bust out on it. Original Prankster. You'll never stop now. Stop now, that's what the main man say. . You can do it. . You know it smells like shit, goddamn. Tag team, the double header. Son of Sam, fire always makes it better. Navigate with style and aplomb. 'Cause wherever you're at, that's the tip used on. . Lies lies, says he's [Incomprehensible] Bahamas. Tries, tries, and you little hoochy mammas. No way, none of this is true. Well, you see it coming down. When the joke's on you, yeah. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. Knock down the place. You're alone it's true. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. You're gonna keep. Your head up through it all. . You're gonna bust out on it. Original Prankster. Break out, yeah. Original, yeah. . Bust out on it. Original Prankster. You'll never stop now. Stop now, that's what the main man say. . Hey. You can do it. . Time, time, so cool to see ya. Nine, nine, don't wanna be ya. Dime, dime, so good to see ya. Nine, nine, don't wanna be ya. . Crime, crime, fine sensimilla. Crime, crime, fine sensimilla. Crime, crime, fine sensimilla. When you see the coming day catches up to you, yeah. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. Knock down the place. You're alone it's true. . Knock down the walls. It's alive in you. You're gonna keep. Your head up through it all. . You're gonna bust out on it. Original Prankster. Break out, yeah. Original, yeah. . Bust out on it. Original Prankster. You'll never stop now, stop now. Stop now, stop now, that's what the main man say(Hey, baby). You've really got my tail in a spin. (Hey, baby). I don't even know where to begin. But, baby, I got. One thing I want you to know. Wherever you go tell me 'cos I'm gonna go. We found love, oh. So don't fight it. Life is a Rollercoaster. Just gotta ride it. I need you, ooh. So stop hiding. Our love is a mystery. Girl, let's get inside it. (Hey, baby). You've really got me flying tonight (flying tonight). (Hey, sugar, ooh, ooh). You almost got us punched in a fight. (that's all right). But, baby you know. The one thing I gotta know (know, know). Wherever you go tell me 'cos I'm gonna show. We found love, oh. So don't fight it. Life is a Rollercoaster. Just gotta ride it. I need you, ooh. So stop hiding. Our love is a mystery. Girl, let's get inside it. Listen.... Can't you feel my heart (feel my heart). Can't you feel my heart (feel my heart). Can't you take my heart. We found love, oh. So don't fight it. Life is a Rollercoaster. Just gotta ride it (all night long). I need you, ooh. So stop hiding. Our love is a mystery. Girl, let's get inside it. (Oh). Don't fight it, fight it, fight it. (Na, na, na, na, na). Don't fight it, fight it, fight it. (Na, na, na, na, na). Don't fight it, fight it, fight it. (Na, na, na, na, na). Don't fight it, fight it, fight it. (Na, na, na, na, na). Don't fight it, fight it, fight it. (Na, na, na, na, na). (Na, na, na, na, na). Love is a mystery girl. Let's get inside it. Na, na, na, na, naI've been searching for you. I heard a cry within my soul. I've never had a yearning quite like this before. Now that you are walking right through my door. All of my life, where have you been?. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And if that day comes, I know we could win. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. A sacred gift of heaven. For better, worse, wherever. And I would never let somebody break you down. Nor take your crown, never. All of my life, where have you been?. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And if that day comes, I know we could win. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And every time I've always known. That you were there, upon your throne. A lonely queen without her king. I longed for you, my love forever. All of my life, where have you been?. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And if that day comes, I know we could win. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. All of my life, where have you been?. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And if that day comes, I know we could win. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. All of my life, where have you been?. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. And if that day comes, I know we could win. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you again. I wonder if I'll ever see you againHanson. This Time Around. If Only. ('Cause I need you, yeah). ('Cause I need you) . . Every single time I see you, I start to feel this way. . Makes me wonder if I'm ever gonna feel this way again. . There's a picture that's hanging in the back of my head,. . I see it over and over. . I want to hold you & love you in my arms and then. . I want to need you 'cause I need to be with you 'til the end. . Then I hear myself reply you've got to hold it in. . This time, Tonight. . REF: If only I had the guts to feel this way. . If only you'd look at me and wan't to stay. . If only I'd take you in my arms and say. . I won't go 'cause I need you ('cause I need you). . I sit here waiting, wondering, hoping that I'll make this right. . 'cause all I think about is your hands, your face,. . and all these lonely nights. . There's a feeling that's screaming in the back of my head. . saying over and over... . I want to hold you & love you in my arms and then . . I want to need you 'cause I need to be with you 'til the end. . Then I hear myself reply, she'll never let you in. . This time, Tonight. . If only I had the guts to feel this way. . If only you'd look at me and wan't to stay. . If only I'de take you in my arms and say. . I won't go 'cause I need you . . please don't go, 'cause I need you now. . I want to hear you say. . It'll always be this way. . We will be hand in hand for every night,. . and every day. . I want to scream and shout. . 'cause I'm loosing any doubt . . And all I care about is you & me & us and now. . If only I had the guts to feel this way. . If only you'd look at me and wan't to stay. . If only I'de take you in my arms and say. . I won't go 'cause I need you. . please don't go, 'cause I need you nowI'm a worried man, got a worried mind. No one in front of me, no one behind. There's a woman on my lap and she's drinking champagne. Got white skin, got assassins eyes. I'm looking up into the sapphire tinted skies. I'm well dressed, waiting on the last train. Standin' on the gallows with my head in a noose. Any minute now I'm expectin' all hell to break loose. People are crazy and times are strange. I'm locked in tight, I'm outta range. I used to care, but things have changed. This place ain't doing me any good. I'm in the wrong town, I should be in Hollywood. Just for a second there I thought I saw something move. Gonna take dancing lessons, do the jitterbug rag. Ain't no shortcuts, gonna dress in drag. Only a fool in here would think he's got anything to prove. Lot of water under the bridge, lot of other stuff too. Don't get up gentlemen, I'm only passing through. People are crazy and times are strange. I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range. I used to care, but things have changed. I've been walking forty miles of bad road. If the Bible is right, the world will explode. I've been trying to get as far away from myself as I can. Some things are too hot to touch. The human mind can only stand so much. You can't win with a losin' hand. Feel like fallin' in love with the first woman I meet. Puttin' her in a wheel barrow and wheelin' her down the street. People are crazy and times are strange. I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range. I used to care, but things have changed. I hurt easy, I just don't show it. You can hurt someone and not even know it. The next sixty seconds could be like an eternity. Gonna get low down, gonna fly high. All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie. I'm in love with a woman that don't even appeal to me. Mr. Jinx and Miss Lucy, they jumped in the lake. I'm not that eager, not that eager to make a mistake. People are crazy, times are strange. I'm locked in tight, I'm outta range. I used to care, but things have changedI'm desperate for changing. Starving for truth. I'm closer to where I started. I'm chasing after you. I'm falling even more in love with you. Letting go of all I've held onto. I'm standing here until you make me move. I'm hanging by a moment here with you. Forgetting all I'm lacking. Completely incomplete. I'll take your invitation. You take all of me now. I'm falling even more in love with you. Letting go of all I've held onto. I'm standing here until you make me move. I'm hanging by a moment here with you. I'm living for the only thing I know. I'm running and not quite sure where to go. And I don't know what I'm diving into. Just hanging by a moment here with you. There's nothing else to lose. There's nothing else to find. There's nothing in the world. That can change my mind. There is nothing else. There is nothing else. There is nothing else. I'm desperate for changing. I'm starving for truth. I'm closer to where I started. I'm chasing after you. I'm falling even more in love with you. Letting go of all I've held onto. I'm standing here until you make me move. I'm hanging by a moment here with you. I'm living for the only thing I know. I'm running and not quite sure where to go. And I don't know what I'm diving into. Just hanging by a moment here with you. Just hanging by a moment. Hanging by a moment. Hanging by a moment. Hanging by a moment here with youCome my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Such a sexy, sexy, pretty little thing, fierce nipple pierce. You got me sprung with your tongue ring. And I ain't gonna lie 'cause your loving gets me high. So to keep you by my side there's nothing that I won't try. Butterflies in her eyes and looks to kill. Time is passing, I'm asking, could this be real. 'Cause I can't sleep, I can't hold still. The only thing I really know is she got sex appeal. I can feel too much is never enough. You're always there to lift me up when these times get rough. I was lost, now I'm found ever since you've been around. You're the women that I want, so yo, I'm putting it down. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. I don't deserve you. Unless it's some kind of hidden message. To show me life is precious. Then I guess it's true. But to tell truth I really never knew 'til I met you. I was lost and confused, twisted and used up. Knew a better life existed but thought that I missed it. My lifestyles wild, I was living like a wild child. Trapped on a short leash, paroled the police files. And yo, what' s happening now?. I see the sun breaking, shining through dark clouds. And a vision of you standing out in a crowd. So come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Hey sugar momma, come and dance with me. The smartest thing you ever did was take a chance with me. Whatever tickles your fancy. Girl, it's you like Sid and Nancy. So sexy, almost evil. Talkin' about butterflies in my head. I used to think happy endings were only in the books I read. But you made me feel alive when I was almost dead. You filled that empty space with the love I used to chase. And as far as I can see, it don't get better than this. So butterfly, here is a song. And it's sealed with a kiss and a thank you miss. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, so come and dance with me. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come my lady, come, come my lady. You're my butterfly, sugar baby. Come my lady, you're my pretty baby. I'll make your legs shake, you make me go crazy. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, come and dance with me. Come and dance with me, come and dance with meHer name is Noelle. I have a dream about her. She rings my bell. I got gym class in half an hour. Oh, how she rocks. In Keds and tube socks. But she doesn't know who I am. And she doesn't give a damn about me. 'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden baby with me. Her boyfriend's a dick. He brings a gun to school. And he'd simply kick. My ass if he knew the truth. He lives on my block. And he drives an Iroc. But he doesn't know who I am. And he doesn't give a damn about me. 'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Yeah, I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. listen to Iron Maiden baby with me. Oh yeah dirtbag. No, she doesn't know what she's missing. Oh yeah dirtbag. No, she doesn't know what she's missing. Man I feel like mold. It's prom night and I am lonely. Low and behold. She's walking over to me. This must be fake. My lip starts to shake. How does she know who I am?. And why does she give a damn about me?. She says, "I've got two tickets to Iron Maiden Baby. Come with me Friday, don't say maybe. I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby like you. Oh yeah, dirtbag. No, she doesn't know what she's missing. Oh yeah, dirtbag. No, she doesn't know what she's missingI know I stand in line. until you think you have the time. to spend an evening with me. And if we go some place to dance. I know that there's a chance. you won't be leaving with me. And afterwards we drop. into a quiet little place. and have a drink or two. And then I go and spoil it all. by saying something stupid. like:"I love you". I can see it in your eyes. you still despise the same old lines. you heard the night before. And though it's just a line to you. for me it's true. and never seemed so right before. I practice everyday. to find some clever lines to say. to make the meaning come true. But then I think I'll wait. until the evening gets late. and I'm alone with you. The time is right your perfume fills my head. the stars get red. and oh, the night's so blue. And then I go and spoil it all. by saying something stupid. like: "I love you". The time is right your perfume fills my head. the stars get red. and oh, the night's so blue. And then I go and spoil it all. by saying something stupid. like: "I love you". "I love you". "I love you". "I love you". "I love you". "I love you". "I love you"Aerosmith. Just Push Play. Jaded. Hey j-j-jaded, you got your mama's style . But you're yesterday's child to me. So jaded. You think that's where it's at . But is that where it's supposed to be. You're gettin' it all over me and serrated . . My my baby blue . Yeah I been thinkin' about you. My my baby blue. Yeah you're so jaded . And I'm the one that jaded you. . Hey j-j-jaded. In all it's misery . It will always be what I love and hated. And maybe take a ride to the other side . We're thinkin' of. We'll slip into the velvet glove . And be jaded. . My my baby blue. Yeah I'm thinkin about you. My my baby blue. Yeah I'm so jaded. And baby I'm afraid of you. . Your thinking's so complicated. I've had it all up to here. But it's so overrated. Love and hated . Wouldn't trade it. Love me jaded. . Hey j-j-jaded. There ain't no baby please. When I'm shootin the breeze with her. When everything you see is a blur. And ectasy's what you prefer. . My my baby blue. Yeah I'm talkin' about you. My my baby blue. Yeah I've been thinkin' about you. My my baby blue. Yeah you're so jaded. Baby . Jaded. Baby . You're so jaded. 'Cause I'm the one that jaded youI'm not afraid. Of anything in this world. There's nothing you can throw at me. That I haven't already heard. I'm just trying to find. A decent melody. A song that I can sing. In my own company. I never thought you were a fool. But darling, look at you. Ooh.. You gotta stand up straight, carry your own weight. 'Cause tears are going nowhere baby. You've got to get yourself together. You've got stuck in a moment. And now you can't get out of it. Don't say that later will be better. Now you're stuck in a moment. And you can't get out of it. I will not forsake. The colors that you bring. The nights you filled with fireworks. They left you with nothing. I am still enchanted. By the light you brought to me. I listen through your ears. Through your eyes I can see. You are such a fool. To worry like you do. Oh. I know it's tough. And you can never get enough. Of what you don't really need now. My, oh my. You've got to get yourself together. You've got stuck in a moment. And you can't get out of it. Oh love, look at you now. You've got yourself stuck in a moment. And you can't get out of it. Oh lord look at you now. You've got yourself stuck in a moment. And you cant get out of it. I was unconscious, half asleep. The water is warm 'til you discover how deep. I wasn't jumping, for me it was a fall. It's a long way down to nothing at all. You've got to get yourself together. You've got stuck in a moment. And you can't get out of it. Don't say that later will be better. Now you're stuck in a moment. And you can't get out of it. And if the night runs over. And if the day won't last. And if your way should falter. Along this stony pass. It's just a moment. This time will passAs he came into the window. Was a sound of a crescendo. He came into her apartment. Left the bloodstains on the carpet. She was sitting at the table. He could see she was unable. So she ran into the bedroom. She was struck down. It was her doom. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. Would you tell us that you're okay. Put a sign in the window. That he struck you. A crescendo, Annie. He came into your apartment. Left the bloodstains on the carpet. And then you ran into the bedroom. You were struck down. It was your doom. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. You've been hit by. You've been struck by. A smooth criminal. So he came into the outlay. It was Sunday. What a black day. I could feel your salutation. Sounding heartbeats. Intimidations. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. Would you tell us that you're okay. Put a sign in the window. That he struck you. A crescendo, Annie. He came into your apartment. Left the bloodstains on the carpet. And then you ran into the bedroom. You were struck down. It was your doom. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. You've been hit by. You've been struck by. A smooth criminal. Annie, are you okay?. Would you tell us that you're okay. Put a sign in the window. That he struck you. A crescendo, Annie. He came into your apartment. Left the bloodstains on the carpet. And then you ran into the bedroom. You were struck down. It was your doom. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?. Annie, are you okay?. You okay. You okay, Annie?And love, it's not the easy thing. The only baggage, that you can bring. Not the easy thing, the only baggage you can bring. Is all that you can't leave behind. And if the darkness is to keep us apart. And if the daylight feels like it's a long way off. And if your glass heart should crack. Before the second you turn back. Oh no, be strong. Oh, oh, walk on, walk on. What you got, they can't steal it. No, they can't even feel it. Walk on, walk on. Stay safe tonight. You're packin' a suitcase for a place, none of us has been. A place that has to be believed, to be seen. You could have flown away, a singin' bird in an open cage. Who will only fly, only fly for freedom. Oh, oh, walk on, walk on. What you got, you can't deny it. Can't sell it or buy it. Walk on, walk on. You stay safe tonight. And I know it aches. How your heart, it breaks. You can only take so much. Walk on, walk on. Home, hard to know what it is. If you never had one. Home, I can't say where it is. But I know I'm going. Home, that's where the heart is. And I know it aches. And your heart, it breaks. You can only take so much. Walk on. Leave it behind. You've got to leave it behind. All that you fashion, all that you make. All that you build, all that you break. All that you measure, all that you feel. All this you can leave behind. All that you reason, all that you care.   (It's only time and I'll never fill up all my mind). All that you sense, all that you scheme. All you dress up, and all that you see. All you create, all that you wreck. All that you hateYeah, yeah. High, higher than the sun. You shoot me from a gun. I need you to elevate me here. At corner of your lips. As the orbit of your hips. Eclipse, you elevate my soul. I've got no self control. Been living like a mole now. Going down, excavation. I and I in the sky. You make me feel like I can fly. So high, elevation. [Incomprehensible]. A star lit up like a cigar. Strung out like a guitar. Maybe you can educate my mind. Explain all these controls. Can't sing but I've got soul. The goal is elevation. A mole digging in a hole. Digging up my soul now. Going down, excavation. I and I in the sky. You make me feel like I can fly. So high, elevation. Love, lift me up out of these blues. Won't you tell me something true?. I believe in you. A mole digging in a hole. Digging up my soul now. Going down, excavation. I and I in the sky. You make me feel like I can fly. So high, elevation. Elevation. Elevation. Elevation. ElevationAnd it's been awhile, since I could hold my head up high. And it's been awhile, since I first saw you. And it's been awhile, since I could stand on my own two feet again. And it's been awhile, since I could call you. And everything I can't remember. As fucked up as it all may seem. The consequences that I've rendered. I stretched myself beyond my means. And it's been awhile, since I can say that I wasn't addicted. And it's been awhile, since I can say I love myself as well. And it's been awhile, since I've gone and fucked things up just like I always do. And it's been awhile, but all that shit seems to disappear when I'm with you. And everything I can't remember. As fucked up as it all may seem. The consequences that I've rendered. I've gone and fucked things up again. Why must I feel this way?. Just make this go away. Just one more peaceful day. And it's been awhile, since I could look at myself straight. And it's been awhile, since I said I'm sorry. And it's been awhile, since I've seen the way the candles light your face. And it's been awhile, but I can still remember just the way you taste. And everything I can't remember. As fucked up as it all may seem to be I know it's me. I cannot blame this on my father. He did the best he could for me. And it's been awhile, since I could hold my head up high. And it's been awhile, since I said I'm sorryCall my name. Call my name. Call my name. Close your eyes. Give me your hand darling. Do you feel my heart beating?. Do you understand?. Do you feel the same. Or am I only dreaming?. Is this burnin', an eternal flame?. I believe. Its meant to be darlin'. I watch you when you are sleeping. You belong with me. Do you feel the same. Or am I only dreaming?. Is this burnin', an eternal flame?. Say my name. Sun shines through the rain. My whole life so lonely. And come and ease the pain. I don't want to lose this feeling. Call my name. Call my name. Call my name. Say my name. Sun shines through the rain. My whole life so lonely. And come and ease the pain. I don't want to lose this feeling. Close your eyes. Give me your hand darling. Do you feel my heart beating?. Do you understand?. Do you feel the same. Am I only dreaming?. Or is this burnin', an eternal flame?. Close your eyes. Give me your hand darling. Do you feel my heart beating?. Do you understand?. Do you feel the same. Or am I only dreaming. Or is this burnin', an eternal flame?. Close your eyes. Give me your hand darling. Do you feel my heart beating?. Do you understand?. Do you feel the same. Or am I only dreaming?. Or is this burnin', an eternal flame?Manu Chao. Miscellaneous. Me Gustas Tu. Me gustan los aviones, me gustas tu. . Me gusta viajar, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la mañana, me gustas tu. . Me gusta el viento, me gustas tu. . Me gusta soñar, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la mar, me gustas tu. . Que voy a hacer , . Je ne sais pas . Que voy a hacer . Je ne sais plus . Que voy a hacer . Je suis perdu . Que horas son, mI corazón . Me gusta la moto, me gustas tu. . Me gusta correr, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la lluvia, me gustas tu. . Me gusta volver, me gustas tu. . Me gusta marihuana, me gustas tu. . Me gusta colombiana, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la montaña, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la noche, me gustas tu. . Que voy a hacer , . Je ne sais pas . Que voy a hacer . Je ne sais plus . Que voy a hacer . Je suis perdu . Que horas son, mI corazón . Me gusta la cena, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la vecina, me gustas tu. . Me gusta su cocina, me gustas tu. . Me gusta camelar, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la guitarra, me gustas tu. . Me gusta el regaee, me gustas tu. . Que voy a hacer , . Je ne sais pas . Que voy a hacer . Je ne sais plus . Que voy a hacer . Je suis perdu . Que horas son, mI corazón . Me gusta la canela, me gustas tu. . Me gusta el fuego, me gustas tu. . Me gusta menear, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la Coruña, me gustas tu. . Me gusta Malasaña, me gustas tu. . Me gusta la castaña, me gustas tu. . Me gusta Guatemala, me gustas tu. . Que voy a hacer , . Je ne sais pas . Que voy a hacer . Je ne sais plus . Que voy a hacer . Je suis perdu . Que horas son, mI corazónLimp Bizkit. Miscellaneous. Rollin'. Alright partner...keep on rollin' baby . You know what time it is . (Throw yo hands up) . . (Ladies and gentlemen) . Chocolate Starfish . Keep on rollin' baby . . Move in now move out. Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Breath in now breath out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' (x4) . . Now I know ya'll be lovin this shit right here . L.I.M.P Bizkit is right here . People in the house with them hands in the air . Cause if you don't care then we don't care . One two three time zoom to the 6 . Jonesin for you picks of the Limp Bizkit mix . So where the fuck you at punk? . Shut the fuck up . And back the fuck up . Before we fuck this track up . (Throw yo hands up) . . Move in now move out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Breath in now breath out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' (x4) . . YOU wanna mess with the Bizkit? - Yeah . You can't mess with the Bizkit - Why? . Cause we get it on - When? . Everyday and everynight - Oh . See this platnuim thing right here - Uh-Hu . Well we're doin it all the time - Wha? . So you better get some better beats . And uh, get some better rhymes - Doh! . . We got the game set . So don't complain yet . 24/7 never beggin for a raincheck . Old school soldiers . Blastin out the hot shit . That rock shit . Let 'em bounce in the mosh pit . (Throw yo hands up) . . Move in now move out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Breath in now breath out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' (x4) . . Hey ladies Hey fellas . And the people that don't give a fuck . All the lovers all the haters . And all the people that call themselves playas . Hot mammas, pimp daddies . And the people rollin' in the Caddies . Hey rockers, hip-hoppers . And everybody all around the world . . Move in now move out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Breath in now breath out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' (x4) . . Move in now move out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Breath in now breath out . Hands up now hands down . Back up back up . Tell me what you're gonna do now . . Keep rollin' rollin' rollin' rollin' (x4)When it's over. That's the time I fall in love again. And when it's over. That's the time you're in my heart again. And when you go go go go. I know. It never ends. Never ends. All the things that I used to say. All the words that got in the way. All the things that I used to know. Have gone out the window. All the things that she used to bring. All the songs she used to sing. All the favorite TV shows. Have gone out the window. I'm missing you. I never knew how much she'd loved me. I'm missing you. I never knew how much you meant to me. I need you and when you go go go go. I know. It never ends. Never ends. All the things that I used to say. All the words that got in the way. All the things that I used to know. Have gone out the window. All the things that she used to bring. All the songs she used to sing. All the favorite TV shows. Have gone out the window. I'm wishing you. You never said you were pretending. I'm wishing you. You feel the same and just come back to me. I need you and when you go go go go. I know. It never ends. Never ends. When it's over. Can I still come over. And when it's over. Is it really over. When it's over. That's the time I fall in love again. All the things that I used to say. All the words that got in the way. All the things that I used to know. Have gone out the window. All the things that she used to bring. All the songs she used to sing. All the favorite TV shows. Have gone out the window. All the things that I used to say. All the words that got in the way. All the things that I used to know. Have gone out the window. All the things that she used to bring. All the songs she used to sing. All the favorite TV shows. Have gone out the window. All the things that I used to say. All the words that got in the way. All the things that I used to know. Have gone out the window. All the things that she used to bring. All the songs she used to singYou can say what you want about me. Try to do what you want to me. But you cannot stop me. I've been knocked down, it's a crazy town. Even got punch in the face in L.A.. Ain't nothing in the world that can keep me. From doing what I wanna do. 'Cause I'm too proud, I'm too strong. Live by the code that you gotta move on. Feelin' sad for yourself. Ain't got nobody nowhere. So I. (Held my head high). I Knew I. (Knew I'd survive). Well, I made it. (I made it). I don't hate it. (Don't hate it). That's just the way it goes, yeah. I done made it through. Stand on my own two. I paid my dues, yeah. Tried to hold me down. You can't stop me now. I paid my dues. So like I told you. You cannot stop me. I paid my dues. Now I'm still tested every day. And people try to mess with Anastacia. Got another thing comin'. 'Cause I handle mine. And I thought I better let you know. I'm no punk, I can't get down. I don't give a damn about who's around. That was just fine 'til now. So I. (Held my head high). Knew I. (Knew I'd survive). Well, I made it. (I made it). Oaah. (Don't hate it). That's just the way it goes, yeah. I done made it through. Stand on my own two. I paid my dues, yeah, yeah. Tried to hold me down. You can't stop me now. I paid my dues, yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Took so long to get me here. But I won't live in fear. O' you tryin' to steal my shine. But first they wanna build you up. Then they tear you down. It's a struggle, you try to bubble. So I. (Held my head high). Knew I. (Knew I'd survive). Oaah. (I made it). Oaah. (Don't hate it). Said that's just the way. (I done made it through). (Stand on my own two). (I paid my dues). Yeah. (Tried to hold me down). But you can't stop me now. (I paid my dues). Oaah. (I done made it through). (Stand on my own two). (I paid my dues). Yeah. (Tried to hold me down). But you can't stop me now. I paid my duesEverybody's got something. They had to leave behind. One regret from yesterday. That just seems to grow with time. There's no use looking back or wondering (or wondering). How it could be now or might have been (or might have been). All this I know but still I can't find ways to let you go. I never had a dream come true. 'Til the day that I found you. Even though, I pretend that I've moved on. You'll always be my baby. I never found the words to say (never found the words to say). You're the one I think about each day (the one I think about each day). And I know no matter where life takes me to. A part of me will always be with you. Ooooooohh yeah. Somewhere in my memory. I've lost all sense of time. And tomorrow can never be. 'Cause yesterday is all that fills my mind. There's no use looking back or wondering (or wondering). How it should be now or might have been (might have been). All this I know but still I can't find ways to let you go. I never had a dream come true. 'Til the day that I found you. Even though, I pretend that I've moved on. You'll always be my baby. I never found the words to say (never found the words to say). You're the one I think about each day (the one I think about each day). And I know no matter where life takes me to. A part of me will always be. You'll always be the dream that fills my head. Yes you will, say you will, you know you will, oh baby. You'll always be the one I know I'll never forget. There's no use looking back or wondering (or wondering). Because love is a strange and funny thing (and funny thing). No matter how I try and try I just can't say good-bye. No, no, no, no. I never had a dream come true. 'Til the day that I found you. Even though, I pretend that I've moved on. You'll always be my baby. I never found the words to say (never found the words to say). You're the one I think about each day (the one I think about each day). And I know no matter where life takes me to. A part of me will always be. A part of me will always be with you. OoooooohhNever made it as a wise man. I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing. Tired of living like a blind man. I'm sick of sight without a sense of feeling. And this is how you remind me. This is how you remind me. Of what I really am. This is how you remind me. Of what I really am. It's not like you to say sorry. I was waiting on a different story. This time I'm mistaken. For handing you a heart worth breaking. And I've been wrong, I've been down. Been to the bottom of every bottle. These five words in my head. Scream, "Are we having fun yet?". Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. It's not like you didn't know that. I said I love you and I swear I still do. And it must have been so bad. â€~Cause living with me must have damn near killed you. And this is how you remind me. Of what I really am. This is how you remind me. Of what I really am. It's not like you to say sorry. I was waiting on a different story. This time I'm mistaken. For handing you a heart worth breaking. And I've been wrong, I've been down. Been to the bottom of every bottle. These five words in my head. Scream, "Are we having fun yet?". Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Never made it as a wise man. I couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing. And this is how you remind me. This is how you remind me. This is how you remind me. Of what I really am. This is how you remind me. Of what I really am. It's not like you to say sorry. I was waiting on a different story. This time I'm mistaken. For handing you a heart worth breaking. And I've been wrong, I've been down. Been to the bottom of every bottle. These five words in my head. Scream, "Are we having fun yet?". Yeah, yeah. Are we having fun yet?. Yeah, yeah. Are we having fun yet?. Yeah, yeah. Are we having fun yet?. Yeah, yeah. No, noA little less conversation, a little more action please. All this aggravation ain't satisfactionin' me. A little more bite and a little less bark. A little less fight and a little more spark. Close your mouth and open up your heart and baby satisfy me. Satisfy me baby. Baby close your eyes and listen to the music. Dig to the summer breeze. It's a groovy night and I can show you how to use it. Come along with me and put your mind at ease. A little less conversation, a little more action please. All this aggravation ain't satisfactionin' me. A little more bite and a little less bark. A little less fight and a little more spark. Close your mouth and open up your heart and baby satisfy me. Satisfy me baby. Come on baby I'm tired of talkin'. Grab your coat and let's start walkin'. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Don't procrastinate, don't articulate. Girl it's gettin' late, gettin' upset waitin' around. A little less conversation, a little more action please. All this aggravation ain't satisfactionin' me. A little more bite and a little less bark. A little less fight and a little more spark. Just close your mouth and open up your heart and baby satisfy me. Satisfy me. Satisfy me baby. Satisfy meAlanis Morissette. Under Rug Swept. Hands Clean. if it weren't for your maturity none of this would have happened. If you weren't so wise beyond your years i would've been able to control myself. If it weren't for my attention you wouldn't have been successful and. If it weren't for me you would never have amounted to very much. . Ooh this could be messy. But you don't seem to mind. Ooh don't go telling everybody. And overlook this supposed crime. . We'll fast forward to a few years later. And no one knows except the both of us. And i have honored your request for silence. And you've washed your hands clean of this. . You're essentially an employee and i like you having to depend on me. You're kind of my protégand one day you'll say you learned all you know from me. I know you depend on me like a young thing would to a guardian. I know you sexualize me like a young thing would and i think i like it. . Ooh this could get messy. But you don't seem to mind. Ooh don't go telling everybody. And overlook this supposed crime. . We'll fast forward to a few years later. And no one knows except the both of us. And i have honored your request for silence. And you've washed your hands clean of this. . What part of our history's reinvented and under rug swept?. What part of your memory is selective and tends to forget?. What with this distance it seems so obvious?. . Just make sure you don't tell on me especially to members of your family. We best keep this to ourselves and not tell any members of our inner posse. I wish i could tell the world cuz you're such a pretty thing when you're done. Up properly. I might want to marry you one day if you watch that weight and keep your firm. Body. . Ooh this could be messy and. Ooh i don't seem to mind. Ooh don't go telling everybody. And overlook this supposed crimeSo lately, been wondering. Who will be there to take my place?. When I'm gone, you'll need love. To light the shadows on your face. If a great wave shall fall. And fall upon us all. Then between the sand and stone. Could you make it on your own?. If I could, then I would. I'll go wherever you will go. Way up high or down low. I'll go wherever you will go. And maybe, I'll find out. A way to make it back someday. To watch you, to guide you. Through the darkest of your days. If a great wave shall fall. And fall upon us all. Then I hope there's someone out there. Who can bring me back to youI. f I could, then I would. I'll go wherever you will go. Way up high or down low. I'll go wherever you will go. Run away with my heart. Run away with my hope. Run away with my love. I know now, just quite how. My life and love might still go on. In your heart, in your mind. I'll stay with you for all of time. If I could, then I would. I'll go wherever you will go. Way up high or down low. I'll go wherever you will go. If I could turn back time. I'll go wherever you will go. If I could make you mine. I'll go wherever you will go. I'll go wherever you will goTell me. Just what you want me to be. One kiss and boom you're the only one for me. So please tell me. Why don't you come around no more?. 'Cause right now I'm. Cryin' outside the door of your candy store. It just takes a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It started with a kiss now we're up to bat. A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain. I'm tellin' ya babe it's all in the game of love. Whatever you make it to be. Sunshine set on this cold, lonely sea. So please baby. Try and use me for what I'm good for. It ain't sayin' good-bye. It's knockin' down the door of your candy store. It just takes a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It started with a kiss now we're up to bat. A little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain. I'm tellin' ya babe it's all in the game of love. It's all in this game of love. You roll me, control me, console me. Please hold me!. You guide me, divide me into. Into two. (So please tell me). Why don't you come around no more?. Cause right now I'm. Dying outside the door of your lovin' store. It just takes a little bit of this, a little bit of that. It started with a kiss now we're up to bat. It little bit of laughs, a little bit of pain. I'm telling you my baby it's all in the game of love. It's all in this game of love, it's all in the game of love. Roll me, control, me. Please hold me. I'm out here on my ownBaby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven. Oh, thinkin' about all our younger years. There was only you and me. We were young and wild and free. Now nothin' can take you away from me. We've been down that road before. But that's over now. You keep me comin' back for more. Baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven. Oh, once in your life you find someone. Who will turn your world around. Bring you up when you're feelin' down. Yeah, nothin' could change what you mean to me. Oh, there's lots that I could say. But just hold me now. 'Cause our love will light the way. Baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heaven. I've been waitin' for so long. For somethin' to arrive. For love to come along. Now our dreams are comin' true. Through the good times and the bad. Yeah, I'll be standin' there by you. Baby you're all that I want. When you're lyin' here in my arms. I'm findin' it hard to believe. We're in heaven. And love is all that I need. And I found it there in your heart. It isn't too hard to see. We're in heavenI can't stand to fly. I'm not that naive. I'm just out to find. The better part of me. I'm more than a bird, I'm more than a plane. I'm more than some pretty face beside a train. And it's not easy to be me. I wish that I could cry. Fall upon my knees. Find a way to lie? Bout a home I'll never see. It may sound absurd but don't be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed. I may be disturbed but won't you concede. Even heroes have the right to dream?. And it's not easy to be me. Up up and away away from me. Well it's all right. You can all sleep sound tonight. I'm not crazy or anything. I can't stand to fly. I'm not that naive. Men weren't meant to ride. With clouds between their knees. I'm only a man in a silly red sheet. Digging for kryptonite on this one way street. Only a man in a funny red sheet. Looking for special things inside of me. Inside of me, inside of me, yeah. Inside of me, inside of me. I'm only a man in a funny red sheet. I'm only a man looking for a dream. I'm only a man in a funny red sheet. And it's not easy, it's not easy to be meThe sea it swells like a sore head. And the night it is aching. Two lovers lie with no sheets on their bed. And the day it is breaking. On rainy days, we'd go swimming out. On rainy days, swimming in the sound. On rainy days, we'd go swimming out. You're in my mind all of the time. I know that's not enough. If the sky can crack, there must be some way back. For love and only love. Car alarm won't let you back to sleep. You're kept awake dreaming someone else's dream. Coffee is cold, but it'll get you through. Compromise, that's nothing new to you. Let's see colors that have never been seen. Let's go to places no one else has been. You're in my mind all of the time. I know that's not enough. Well, if the sky can crack, there must be some way back. To love and only love. Electrical storm. Electrical storm. Electrical storm. Baby, don't cry. It's hot as Hell, honey, in this room. Sure hope the weather will break soon. The air is heavy, heavy as a truck. Need the rain to wash away our bad luck. Hey yeah, hey yeah. Well, if the sky can crack. There must be some way back to love and only love. Electrical storm. Electrical storm. Electrical storm. Baby, don't cry. Baby, don't cry. Baby, don't cry. Baby, don't cryMy friend the Communist. Holds meetings in his RV. I can't afford his gas. So I'm stuck here watching TV. I don't have digital. I don't have diddle squat. It's not having what you want. It's wanting what you've got. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I'm gonna tell everyone. To lighten up. I'm gonna tell 'em that. I've got no one to blame. For every time I feel lame. I'm looking up. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I've got a crummy job. It don't pay near enough. To buy the things it takes. To win me some of your love. Every time I turn around. I'm Looking up, you're looking down. Maybe something's wrong with you. That makes you act the way you do. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I'm gonna tell everyone. To lighten up. I'm gonna tell 'em that. I've got no one to blame. For every time I feel lame. I'm looking up. I'm gonna soak up the sun. While it's still free. I'm gonna soak up the sun. Before it goes out on me. Don't have no master suite. But I'm still the king of me. You have a fancy ride, but baby. I'm the one who has the key. Every time I turn around. I'm looking up, you're looking down. Maybe something's wrong with you. That makes you act the way you do. Maybe I am crazy too. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I'm gonna tell everyone. To lighten up. I'm gonna tell 'em that. I've got no one to blame. For every time I feel lame. I'm looking up. I'm gonna soak up the sun. I'm gonna tell everyone. To lighten up. I'm gonna tell 'em that. I've got no one to blame. For every time I feel lame. I'm looking up. I'm gonna soak up the sun. Got my 45 on. So I can rock onIf only I could get through this. I just gotta get through this. I gotta get through this, I gotta get through this. I gotta make, gotta make it, gotta make it through. Said, "I'm gonna get through this, I'm gonna get through this. I gotta take, gotta take my mind off of you". Give me just a second and I'll be alright. Surely one more moment couldn't break my heart. Give me 'til tomorrow then I'll be okay. Just another day and then I'll hold you tight. When your love is pouring like the rain. I close my eyes and it's gone again. When will I get the chance to say, "I love you". I pretend that you're already mine. Then my heart ain't breakin' every time. I look into your eyes. If only I could get through this. If only I could get through this. If only I could get through this. God, God gotta help me get through this. I gotta get through this, I gotta get through this. I gotta make, gotta make it, gotta make it through. Said, "I'm gonna get through this, I'm gonna get through this. I gotta take, gotta take my mind off of you". Give me just a second and I'll be alright. Surely one more moment couldn't break my heart. Give me 'til tomorrow then I'll be okay. Just another day and then I'll hold you tight. When your love is pouring like the rain. I close my eyes and it's gone again. When will I get the chance to say, "I love you". I pretend that you're already mine. Then my heart ain't breakin' every time. I look into your eyes. If only I could get through this. If only I could get through this. If only I could get through this. God, God gotta help me get through this. Oh, if only I could get through this. God, God gotta help me get through this. Oh, if only I could get through this. God, God gotta help me get through this. Oh, if only I could get through this. I just gotta get through this. I just gotta get through thisIn my place, in my place. Were lines that I couldn't change. I was lost. Oh yeah. I was lost, I was lost. Crossed lines I shouldn't have crossed. I was lost. Oh yeah. Yeah. How long must you wait for it?. Yeah. How long must you pay for it?. Yeah. How long must you wait for it?. Oh for it. I was scared, I was scared. Tired and under prepared. But I'll wait for it. If you go, if you go. Leave me down here on my own. Then I'll wait for you (yeah). Yeah. How long must you wait for it?. Yeah. How long must you pay for it?. Yeah. How long must you wait for it?. Oh for it. Singing please, please, please. Come back and sing to me. To please, me. Come on and sing it out. Now, now. Come on and sing it out. To please, me. Come back and sing. In my place, in my place. Were lines that I couldn't change. I was lost, oh yeah. Oh yeah...Hello my friend, we meet again. It's been awhile, where should we begin?. Feels like forever. Within my heart a memory. A perfect love that you gave to me. Oh, I remember. When you are with me I'm free. I'm careless, I believe. Above all the others we'll fly. This brings tears to my eyes. My Sacrifice. We've seen our share of ups and downs. Oh how quickly life can turn around. In an instant. It feels so good to reunite. Within yourself and within your mind. Let's find peace there. When you are with me I'm free. I'm careless, I believe. Above all the others we'll fly. This brings tears to my eyes. My Sacrifice. I just want to say hello again. I just want to say hello again. When you are with me I'm free. I'm careless, I believe. Above all the others we'll fly. This brings tears to my eyes. Cause when you are with me I am free. I'm careless, I believe. Above all the others we'll fly. This brings tears to my eyes. My Sacrifice, My Sacrifice. I just want to say hello again. I just want to say hello again. My Sacrifice.Marilyn Manson. Miscellaneous. Tainted Love. Sometimes I feel I've got to. Run away I've got to. Get away. From the pain that you drive into the heart of me. The love we share. Seems to go nowhere. I've lost my lights. I toss and turn I can't sleep at night. . Once I ran to you (I ran). Now I'll run from you. This tainted love you've given. I give you all a boy could give you. Take my tears and that's not nearly all. Tainted love. Tainted love. . Now I know I've got to. Run away I've got to. Get away. You don't really want any more from me. To make things right. You need someone to hold you tight. You think love is to pray. But I'm sorry I don't pray that way. . Once I ran to you (I ran). Now I'll run from you. This tainted love you've given. I give you all a boy could give you. Take my tears and that's not nearly all. Tainted love . Tainted love. . Don't touch me please. I cannot stand the way you tease. I love you though you hurt me so. Now I'm going to pack my things and go. Touch me baby, tainted love. Touch me baby, tainted love. Touch me baby, tainted love. . Once I ran to you (I ran). Now I'll run from you. This tainted love you've given. I give you all a boy could give you. Take my tears and that's not nearly all. Tainted love. Tainted love. Tainted loveShe said to me condescendingly. Take a seat, take your life. Plot it out in black and white. Well, I never lived the dream of the prom kings. And the drama queens. I'd like to think the best of me. Is still hiding up my sleeve. They love to tell you. Stay inside the lines. But something's better. On the other side. I wanna run through the halls of my high school. I wanna scream at the top of my lungs. I just found out there's no such thing as the real world. Just a lie you've got to rise above. So the good boys and girls. Take the so called right track. Faded white hats. Grabbing credits and maybe transfers. They read all the books but they can't find the answers. And all of our parents, they're getting older. I wonder if they've wished for anything better. While in their memories tiny tragedies. They love to tell you. Stay inside the lines. But something's better. On the other side. I wanna run through the halls of my high school. I wanna scream at the top of my lungs. I just found out there's no such thing as the real world. Just a lie you got to rise above. I am invincible. I am invincible. I am invincible. As long as I'm alive. I wanna run through the halls of my high school. I wanna scream at the top of my lungs. I just found out there's no such thing as the real world. Just a lie you've got to rise above. I just can't wait 'til my ten year reunion. I'm gonna bust down the double doors. And when I stand on these tables before you. You will know what all this time was forGazing through the window at the world outside. Wondering will Mother Earth survive. Hoping that mankind will stop abusing her sometime. After all there's only just the two of us. And here we are still fighting for our lives. Watching all of history repeat itself. Time after time. I'm just a dreamer. I dream my life away. I'm just a dreamer. Who dreams of better days. I watch the sun go down like everyone of us. I'm hoping that the dawn will bring a sign. A better place for those who will come after us. This time. I'm just a dreamer. I dream my life away, oh, yeah. I'm just a dreamer. Who dreams of better days. Your higher power may be God or Jesus Christ. It doesn't really matter much to me. Without each others help there ain't no hope for us. I'm living in a dream of fantasy. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. If only we could all just find serenity. It would be nice if we could live as one. When will all this anger, hate and bigotry. Be gone?. I'm just a dreamer. I dream my life away, today. I'm just a dreamer. Who dreams of better days. Okay, I'm just a dreamer. Who's searching for the way, today. I'm just a dreamer. Dreaming my life away. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeahBruce Springsteen. The Rising. The Rising. Can't see nothin' in front of me. Can't see nothin' coming up behind. I make my way through this darkness. I can't feel nothing but this chain that binds me. Lost track of how far I've gone. How far I've gone, how high I've climbed. On my back's a sixty pound stone. On my shoulder a half mile of line. . Come on up for the rising. Come on up, lay your hands in mine. Come on up for the rising. Come on up for the rising tonight. . Left the house this morning. Bells ringing filled the air. Wearin' the cross of my calling. On wheels of fire I come rollin' down here. . Come on up for the rising. Come on up, lay your hands in mine. Come on up for the rising. Come on up for the rising tonight. . Li,li, li,li,li,li, li,li,li. . There's spirits above and behind me. Faces gone black, eyes burnin' bright. May their precious blood bind me. Lord, as I stand before your fiery light. . Li,li, li,li,li,li, li,li,li. . I see you Mary in the garden. In the garden of a thousand sighs. There's holy pictures of our children. Dancin' in a sky filled with light. May I feel your arms around me. May I feel your blood mix with mine. A dream of life comes to me. Like a catfish dancin' on the end of my line. . Sky of blackness and sorrow ( a dream of life). Sky of love, sky of tears (a dream of life). Sky of glory and sadness ( a dream of life). Sky of mercy, sky of fear ( a dream of life). Sky of memory and shadow ( a dream of life). Your burnin' wind fills my arms tonight. Sky of longing and emptiness (a dream of life). Sky of fullness, sky of blessed life. . Come on up for the rising. Come on up, lay your hands in mine. Come on up for the rising. Come on up for the rising tonight. . Li,li, li,li,li,li, li,li,liFor so many years we were friends. And yes, I always knew what we could do. But so many tears in the rain. Felt the night you said. That love had come to you. I thought you were not my kind. I thought that I could never feel for you. The passion and love you were feeling. And so you left for someone new. And now that you're far and away. I'm sending a letter today. From Sarah with love. She'd got the lover she is dreaming of. She never found the words to say. But I know that today. She's gonna send her letter to you. From Sarah with love. She took your picture to the stars above. And they told her it is true. She could dare to fall in love with you. So don't make her blue when she writes to you. From Sarah with love. So maybe the chance for romance. Is like a train to catch before it's gone. Maybe it's just an illusion to hold behind. The clouds you'll find the sun. But I'll keep on hoping and praying. There will be a day when we meet again. And I'll keep on waiting and dreaming. You're strong enough to understand. As long as you're so far away. I'm sending a letter each day. From Sarah with love. She'd got the lover she is dreaming of. She never found the words to say. But I know that today. She's gonna send her letter to you. From Sarah with love. She took your picture to the stars above. And they told her it is true. She could dare to fall in love with you. So don't make her blue when she writes to you. From Sarah with love. From Sarah with love. She'd got the lover she is dreaming of. She never found the words to say. But I know that today. She's gonna send her letter to you. From Sarah with love. She's gotta know what you are thinking of. 'Cause every little now and then. And again and again. I know her heart cries out for you. From Sarah with love. She'd got the lover she is dreaming of. Never found the words to say, ahh. But today, but today. From Sarah with love. She took your picture to the stars above. And they told her it is true. She could dare to fall in love with you. So don't make her blue when she writes to you. From Sarah with love. And they told her it is true. She could dare to fall in love with you. So don't make me blue when I write to you. From Sarah with loveHow can you see into my eyes like open doors?. Leading you down into my core, where I've become so numb. Without a soul, my spirit's sleeping somewhere cold. Until you find it there and lead it back home. (Wake me up). Wake me up inside (I can't wake up). Wake me up inside (save me). Call my name and save me from the dark. (Wake me up). Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up). Before I come undone (save me). Save me from the nothing I've become. Now that I know what I'm without. You can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real. Bring me to life. (Wake me up). Wake me up inside (I can't wake up). Wake me up inside (save me). Call my name and save me from the dark. (Wake me up). Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up). Before I come undone (save me). Save me from the nothing I've become. Bring me to life. (I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside). Bring me to life. Frozen inside without your touch, without your love. Darling, only you are the life among the dead. All this time, I can't believe I couldn't see. Kept in the dark, but you were there in front of me. I've been sleeping a thousand years, it seems. Got to open my eyes to everything. Without a thought, without a voice, without a soul. Don't let me die here (there must be something more). Bring me to life. (Wake me up). Wake me up inside (I can't wake up). Wake me up inside (save me). Call my name and save me from the dark. (Wake me up). Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up). Before I come undone (save me). Save me from the nothing I've become. Bring me to life. (I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside). Bring me to lifeThe lights go out and I can't be saved. Tides that I tried to swim against. You've put me down upon my knees. Oh, I beg, I beg and plead, singing. Come out of things unsaid. Shoot an apple off my head, and a. Trouble that can't be named. A tiger's waiting to be tamed, singing. You are. You are. Confusion never stops. Closing walls and ticking clocks, gonna. Come back and take you home. I could not stop that you now know, singing. Come out upon my seas. Curse missed opportunities, am I. A part of the cure. Or am I part of the disease, singing. You are. You are. You are. You are. And nothing else compares. Oh, nothing else compares. And nothing else compares. Home, home, where I wanted to go. Home, home, where I wanted to go. Home, home, where I wanted to go (You are). Home, home, where I wanted to go (You are)Rasmus. Dead Letters. In The Shadows. No sleep . No sleep untill I am done with finding the answer . Wont stop . Wont stop before I find a cure for this cancer . Sometimes . I feel I going down and so disconnected . Somehow . I know that I am haunted to be wanted . . I been watching . I been waiting . In the shadows all my time . I been searching . I been living . For tomorrows all my life . . In the shadows . . In the shadows . . They say . That i must learn to kill before i can feel safe . But I . I rather kill myself then turn into there slave . Sometimes . I feel that I should go and play with the thunder . Somehow . I just don't wanne stay and wait for a wonder . . I been watching . I been waiting . In the shadows all my time . I been searching . I been living . For tomorrows all my life . . Lately I been walking walking in circels, watching waiting for something . Feel me touch me feel me, come take me higher . . I been watching . I been waiting . In the shadows all my time . I been searching . I been living . For tomorrows all my life . I been watching . I been waiting . I been searching . I been living for tomorrows . . In the shadows . . In the shadows . I been waitingGo!. It's one, two, three. Take my hand and come with me. Because you look so fine. That I really wanna make you mine. I say you look so fine. That I really wanna make you mine. Oh, four, five, six. C'mon and get your kicks. Now you don't need that money. When you look like that, do ya, honey?. Big black boots. Long brown hair. She's so sweet with her. Get-back stare. Well, I could see. You home with me. But you were with another man, yeah. I know we ain't got much to say. Before I let you get away, yeah. I said are you gonna be my girl?. Well, so one, two, three. Take my hand and come with me. Because you look so fine. That I really wanna make you mine. I say you look so fine. That I really wanna make you mine. Oh, four, five, six. C'mon and get your kicks. Now you don't need that money. With a face like that, do ya?. Big black boots. Long brown hair. She's so sweet with her. Get-back stare. Well, I could see. You home with me. But you were with another man, yeah. I know we ain't got much to say. Before I let you get away, yeah. I said, are you gonna be my girl?. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. C'mon!. I could see. You home with me. But you were with another man, yeah. I know we ain't got much to say. Before I let you get away, yeah. Be my girl. Be my girl. Are you gonna be my girl?. YeahHow the hell did we wind up like this?. Why weren't we able, to see the signs that we missed. And try turn the tables. I wish you'd unclench your fists, and unpack your suitcase. Lately there's been too much of this. But don't think it's too late. Nothing's wrong, just as long as. You know that someday I will. Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. Well I'd hope that since we're here anyway. That we could end up saying. Things we've always needed to say. So we could end up staying. Now the story's played out like this. Just like a paperback novel. Let's rewrite an ending that fits. Instead of a Hollywood horror. Nothing's wrong, just as long as. You know that someday I will. Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). How the hell did we wind up like this?. Why weren't we able, to see the signs that we missed. And try to turn the tables. Now the story's played out like this. Just like a paperback novel. Let's rewrite an ending that fits. Instead of a Hollywood horror. Nothing's wrong, just as long as. You know that someday I will. Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). Someday, somehow. I'm gonna make it all right but not right now. I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). I know you're wondering when. (You're the only one who knows that). I know you're wondering whenCan't explain all the feelings that you're making me feel.. My heart's in overdrive, and you're behind the steering wheel.. Touching you, touching me.. Touching you, God, you're touching me.. I believe in a thing called love.. Just listen to the rhythm of my heart.. There's a chance we could make it now.. We'll be rocking till the Sun goes down.. I believe in a thing called love.. I wanna kiss you every minute, every hour, every day.. You got me in a spin, but everything is a, okay!. Touching you, touching me.. Touching you cause you're touching me.. I believe in a thing called love.. Just listen to the rhythm of my heart.. There's a chance we could make it now.. We'll be rocking till the Sun goes down.. I believe in a thing called love.. Touching you, touching me.. Touching you, God, you're touching me.. I believe in a thing called love.. Just listen to the rhythm of my heart.. There's a chance we could make it now.. We'll be rocking till the Sun goes down.. I believe in a thing called love.Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. If your rubberneckin' baby well that's all right with me. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. It's called rubberneckin' baby but that's all right with me. Some people say I'm wasting time yeh, but they don't really know. I like what I see I see what I like yeh, it gives me such a glow. First thing in the morning, last thing at night. I look, stare everywhere and see everything inside. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. If your rubberneckin' baby well that's all right with me. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. It's called rubberneckin' baby but that's all right with me. Some people say I'm wasting time yeh, but they don't really know. I like what I see I see what I like yeh, it gives me such a glow. Sittin' on the back porch all by myself. Along came Mary Jane with somebody else. Well, stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. It's called rubberneckin' baby but that's all right with me. Some people say I'm wasting time yeh, but I don't really care. I like what I see, I see what I like yeh, it gives me such a glow. Sittin' on the back porch all by myself. Along came Mary Jane with somebody else. Well, stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. It's called rubberneckin' baby but that's all right with me. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. Stop, look and listen baby that's my philosophy. StopIf you're not the one then why does my soul feel glad today?. If you're not the one then why does my hand fit yours this way?. If you are not mine then why does your heart return my call. If you are not mine would I have the strength to stand at all. I'll never know what the future brings. But I know you're here with me now. We'll make it through. And I hope you are the one I share my life with. I don't want to run away but I can't take it, I don't understand. If I'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that I am?. Is there any way that I can stay in your arms?. If I don't need you then why am I crying on my bed?. If I don't need you then why does your name resound in my head?. If you're not for me then why does this distance maim my life?. If you're not for me then why do I dream of you as my wife?. I don't know why you're so far away. But I know that this much is true. We'll make it through. And I hope you are the one I share my life with. And I wish that you could be the one I die with. And I pray in you're the one I build my home with. I hope I love you all my life. I don't want to run away but I can't take it, I don't understand. If I'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that I am. Is there any way that I can stay in your arms?. ‘Cause I miss you, body and soul so strong that it takes my breath away. And I breathe you into my heart and pray for the strength to stand today. ‘Cause I love you, whether it's wrong or right. And though I can't be with you tonight. You know my heart is by your side. I don't want to run away but I can't take it, I don't understand. If I'm not made for you then why does my heart tell me that I am. Is there any way that I could stay in your armsSorry seems to be the hardest word. What I got to do to make you love me?. What I got to do to make you care?. What do I do when lightning strikes me?. And I wake to find that you're not there. What I got to do to make you want me?. What I got to do to be heard?. What do I say when it's all over babe?. Sorry seems to be the hardest word. It's sad, so sad, it's a sad, sad situation. And it's getting more and more absurd. It's so sad so sad, why can't we talk it over?. Oh, it seems to me. That sorry seems to be the hardest word. What I do to make you want me?. What I got to do to be heard?. What do I say when it's all over?. Sorry seems to be the hardest word. It's sad, so sad, it's a sad sad situation. And it's gotten more and more absurd. It's sad, so sad, why can't we talk it over?. Oh it seems to me. Sorry seems to be the hardest word. What do I do to make you love me?. What I got to do to be heard?. What do I do when lightning strikes me?. What do I got to do?. What do I got to do?. When sorry seems to be the hardest wordAll day starin' at the ceilin' makin' friends with shadows on my wall. All night hearing voices tellin' me that I should get some sleep. Because tomorrow might be good for somethin'. Hold on, feelin' like I'm headed for a breakdown. And I don't know why. But I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell. I know, right now you can't tell. But stay a while and maybe then you'll see. A different side of me. I'm not crazy, I'm just a little impaired. I know, right now you don't care. But soon enough you're gonna think of me. And how I used to be, me. I'm talkin' to myself in public, dodging glances on the train. And I know, I know they've all been talkin' about me. I can hear them whisper, and it makes me think. There must be somethin' wrong with me. Out of all the hours thinkin', somehow I've lost my mind. But I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell. I know, right now you can't tell. But stay a while and maybe then you'll see. A different side of me. I'm not crazy, I'm just a little impaired. I know, right now you don't care. But soon enough you're gonna think of me. And how I used to be. I've been talkin' in my sleep. Pretty soon they'll come to get me. Yeah, they're takin' me away. I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell. I know, right now you can't tell. But stay a while and maybe then you'll see. A different side of me. I'm not crazy, I'm just a little impaired. I know, right now you don't care. But soon enough you're gonna think of me. And how I used to be yeah, how I used to be. How I used to be. Well, I'm just a little unwell. How I used to be, how I used to be. I'm just a little unwellNo attorneys. To plead my case. No orbits. To send me into outta space. And my fingers. Are bejeweled. With diamonds and gold. But that ain't gonna help me now. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I disturb my town. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. You think your right. But you were wrong. You tried to take me. But I knew all along. You can take me. For a ride. I'm not a fool out. So you better run and hide. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. If you see me coming. Down the street then. You know it's time to Go (and you know it's time to go cause here comes trouble) No attorneys. To plead my case. No orbits. To send me into outta space. And my fingers. Are bejeweled. With diamonds and gold. But that ain't gonna help me now. You think your right. But you were wrong. You tried to take me. But I knew all along. You can take me. For a ride. Cause I'm not a fool out. So you better run and hide. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I disturb my town. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. So if you see me coming. Down the street then. You know it's time to Go (go-oh-oh.I got) Trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. Trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. I'm trouble. Yeah trouble now. I'm trouble ya'll. I got trouble in my town. I got trouble in my town. I got trouble in my townThey paved paradise and put up a parkin' lot. With a pink hotel, a boutique, and a swingin' hot spot. . Don't it always seem to go. That you don't know what you got till it's gone. They paved paradise and put up a parkin' lot. . They took all the trees and put 'em in a tree museum. And they charged the people a dollar and a half to see them. . No, no, no, don't it always seem to go. That you don't know what you've got till it's gone. They paved paradise and put up a parkin' lot. . Hey farmer, farmer, put away your DDT. I don't care about spots on my apples. Leave me the birds and the bees, please. . Don't it always seem to go. That you don't know what you got till it's gone. They paved paradise and put up a parkin' lot. Hey now, they've paved paradise to put up a parkin' lot, why not?. . Listen, late last night, I heard the screen door swing. And a big yellow taxi took my girl away. . Now don't it always seem to go. That you don't know what you got till it's gone. They paved paradise, put up a parkin' lot. . Hey now now, don't it always seem to go. That you don't know what you got till it's gone. They paved paradise to put up a parkin' lot, why not?. They paved paradise to put up a parkin' lot. Hey hey hey, paved paradise and put up a parkin' lot. . I don't wanna give it. Why you wanna give it? Why you wanna givin' it all away?. Hey, hey, hey, now you wanna give it. I should wanna give it 'cuz you're givin' it all away, no no. . I don't wanna give it. Why you wanna give it? Why you wanna givin' it all away?. 'Cuz you're givin' it all, givin it all away, yeah, yeah. Why you wanna? Why do you want to?. Hey, paved paradise to put up a parkin' lot[CHORUS]. It's been too long and I'm lost without u. What am I gonna do. Said I been needin' you, wantin' you. (Said I need you). Wonderin' if ur the same and who's been with you. Is ur heart still mine. I wanna cry sometimes. I miss you. [VERSE 1]. Off to college. Yes you went away. Straight from high school. You up and left me. We were close friends. Also lovers. Did everything . For one another. Now ur gone and I'm lost without you here now. But I know I gotta live and make it somehow. Come back...to me. Can you...feel me(Callin'). Hear me...callin' (For you). For you...'Cuz it's. [CHORUS]. It's been too long and I'm lost without you. What am I gonna do. Said I been needin' you, wantin' you. Wonderin' if ur the same and who's been with you. Is ur heart still mine. I wanna cry sometimes. I miss you. [VERSE 2]. Now I'm sittin' here. Thinkin' 'bout you. And the days we used to share. It's drivin' me crazy. I don't know what to do . I'm just wonderin' if you still care. I don't wanna let you know . That it's killin' me. I know you got another life you gotta concentrate baby. Come back...to me. Can you...feel me(Callin'). Hear me...callin' (For you). For you...'Cuz it's. . [CHORUS 2x]. It's been too long and I'm lost without you. What am I gonna do. Said I been needin' you, wantin' you. Wonderin' if ur the same and who's been with you. Is ur heart still mine. I wanna cry sometimes. I miss you. ai yi yi yi yi yi . ai yi yi yi yi yi i miss you. ai yi yi yi yi yi. [BRIDGE]. I...can't...breathe...no...more. Since you went away I. Don't really feel like talkin'. Don't wanna hear you don't love me. Baby do you understand me. I can't do a thing without you. [CHORUS 3x]. It's been too long and I'm lost without you. (Tell me what I'm gonna do). What am I gonna do. Said I been needin' you, wantin' you. Wonderin' if ur the same and who's been with you. Is ur heart still mine. I wanna cry sometimes. I miss you[Verse 1]. Disco dancing with the lights down low. Beats are pumping on the stereo. Neighbours banging on the bathroom wall. Sayin 'crank the bass, I gotta get some more'. Water's running in the wrong direction. Got a feeling it's a mixed-up sign. I can see it in my own reflection. Something funny's going on inside my mind. I don't know what is pushing me higher. It's the static from the floor below. Then its drops and catches like fire. It's the sound I, it's the sound I know. [Chorus]. It's the sound of the underground. The beat of the drum goes round and around. In to the overflow. Where the girls get down to the sound of the radio. Out to the electric night. Where the bass line jumps in the backstreet light. The beat goes around and round. Its the sound of the under, sound of the underground. [Verse 2]. Chain reaction running through my veins. Pumps the bass line up into my brain. Screws my mind until I lose control. And when the building rocks I know its got my soul. Water's running in the wrong direction. Got a feeling it's a mixed-up sign. I can see it in my own reflection. Something funny's going on inside my mind. I don't know what is pushing me higher. It's the static from the floor below. Then its drops and catches like fire. It's the sound I, it's the sound I know. [Chorus]. It's the sound of the underground. The beat of the drum goes round and around. In to the overflow. Where the girls get down to the sound of the radio. Out to the electric night. Where the bass line jumps in the backstreet light. The beat goes around and round. Its the sound of the under, sound of the underground. I don't know what is pushing me higher. It's the static from the floor below. Then its drops and catches like fire. It's the sound I, it's the sound I. It's the sound I, it's the sound I know. [Chorus]. It's the sound of the underground. The beat of the drum goes round and around. In to the overflow. Where the girls get down to the sound of the radio. Out to the electric night. Where the bass line jumps in the backstreet light. The beat goes around and round. Its the sound of the under, sound of the underground. The bass line jumps in the backstreet light. It's the sound of the under, sound of the underground. The bass line jumps in the backstreet light. It's the sound of the under, sound of the undergroundNAWe got the afternoon. You got this room for two. One thing I've left to do. Discover me. Discovering you. One mile to every inch of. Your skin like porcelain. One pair of candy lips and. Your bubblegum tongue. And if you want love. We'll make it. Swim in a deep sea. Of blankets. Take all your big plans. And break 'em. This is bound to be a while. Your body is a wonderland. Your body is a wonder (I'll use my hands). Your body is a wonderland. Something 'bout the way the hair falls in your face. I love the shape you take when crawling towards the pillowcase. You tell me where to go and though I might leave to find it. I'll never let your head hit the bed without my hand behind it. you want love?. We'll make it. Swim in a deep sea. Of blankets. Take all your big plans. And break 'em. This is bound to be a while. Your body is a wonderland. Your body is a wonder (I'll use my hands). Your body is a wonderland. (I'll never speak again... I'll use my hands). Damn baby. You frustrate me. I know you're mine, all mine, all mine. But you look so good it hurts sometimes. Your body is a wonderland. (I'll never speak again... I'll use my hands). Your body is a wonder (I'll use my hands). Your body is a wonderland. (I'll never speak again... I'll use my hands). Your body is a wonderlandFeigning joy and surprise. at the gifts we despise over mulled wine. with you. On the 25th day. of the 12th month the sleigh bells of ringing true. How we cling each noel. to that snowflake's hope in hell. that it would end. Don't let the bells end. Christmas time. Just let them ring in peace. When the weather is cruel. And the season of Yule warms the heart. but it still hurts. You've got your career. Spend the best part of life stood apart and it still hurts. So that's why I pray each and every Christmas day. That it would end. Don't let the bells end. Christmas time. Just let them ring in peace. (Christmas time). (Don't let the bells end). (Christmas time). (Don't let the bells end). I'm stood beneath the mistletoe leaf. And you're not here. If you're still away boxing day. Then how the hell am I going to make it into the new year. Christmas time. Don't let the bells end (Don't let it end). Christmas time. Don't let the bells end. Christmas time. Don't let the bells end. Christmas time. Don't let the bells end (just let them ring in peace). Christmas time (c'mon kids). Don't let the bells end (bells end). Christmas time. Don't let the bells endUnos, dos, tres, catorce!. Lights go down it's dark. The jungle is your head. Can't rule your heart. A feeling so much. Stronger than a thought. Your eyes are wide and though. Your soul it can't be bought. Your mind can wander. Hello hello. (Hola). I'm at a place called Vertigo. (Donde esta?). It's everything I wish I didn't know. Except you give me something. I can feel, feel. The night is full of holes. As bullets rip the sky. Of ink with gold. They twinkle as the. Boys play rock and roll. They know that they can't dance. At least they know. I can't stand the beats. I'm asking for the cheque. The girl with crimson nails. Has Jesus 'round her neck. Swinging to the music. Swinging to the music. Hello hello. (Hola). I'm at a place called Vertigo. (Donde esta?). It's everything I wish I didn't know. But you give me something. I can feel, feel. All of this, all of this can be yours. All of this, all of this can be yours. All of this, all of this can be yours. Just give me what I want. And no one gets hurt. Hello hello. (Hola). We're at a place called Vertigo. (Donde esta?). Lights go down and all I know. Is that you give me something. I can feel your love teaching me how. Your love is teaching me how. How to kneel, kneel. Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea. Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yeaYou held my hand and walked me home, I know. Why you gave me that kiss?. It was something like this and made me go ooh ooh. You wiped my tears, got rid all of my fears, why did you have to go?. Guess it wasn't enough to take up some of my love, guys are so hard to trust. Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl the one who gives it all away, yeah. Did you think that I was gonna give it up to you, this time?. Did you think that it was somethin' I was gonna do and cry?. Don't try to tell me what to do. Don't try to tell me what to say. You're better off that way, yeah. .... Don't think that you're charm and the fact that your arm is now around my neck. I got you in my pants, I'll have to kick your ass and make you never forget. I'm gonna ask you to stop. Thought I liked you a lot but I'm really upset (Really upset). Get out of my head, get off of my bed yeah, that's what I said. Did I not tell you that I'm not like that girl the one who throws it all away. .... Did you think that I was gonna give it up to you, this time?. Did you think that it was somethin' I was gonna do and cry?. Don't try to tell me what to do. Don't try to tell me what to say. You're better off that way, yeah. This guilt trip that you put me on won't mess me up, I've done no wrong. Any thoughts of you and me have gone away. Did you think that I was gonna give it up to you, this time?. Did you think that it was somethin' I was gonna do and cry?. Don't try to tell me what to do. Don't try to tell me what to say. You're better off that way, yeah (Better off that way). I'm better off alone anywayNAYou say you wander your own land. But when I think about it. I don't see how you can. You're aching, you're breaking. And I can see the pain in your eyes. Says everybody's changing. And I don't know why. So little time. Try to understand that I'm. Trying to make a move just to stay in the game. I try to stay awake and remember my name. But everybody's changing. And I don't feel the same. You're gone from here. And soon you will disappear. Fading into beautiful light. Cause everybody's changing. And I don't feel right. So little time. Try to understand that I'm. Trying to make a move just to stay in the game. I try to stay awake and remember my name. But everybody's changing. And I don't feel the same. So little time. Try to understand that I'm. Trying to make a move just to stay in the game. I try to stay awake and remember my name. But everybody's changing. And I don't feel the same. Ohhhh. Everybody's changing. And I don't feel the sameSo she said, "What's the problem baby?". What's the problem I don't know. Well maybe I'm in love, think about it every time. I think about it, can't stop thinking 'bout it. How much longer will it take to cure this. Just to cure it 'cause I can't ignore it if it's love. Makes me wanna turn around and face me. But I don't know nothing about love. Come on, come on. Turn a little faster. Come on, come on. The world will follow after. Come on, come on. Because everybody's after love. So I said, "I'm a snowball running". Running down into the spring. That's coming all this love melting under. Blue skies belting out sunlight, shimmering love. Well baby I surrender to the strawberry ice cream. Never ever end of all this love. Well I didn't mean to do it. But there's no escaping your love. These lines of lightning. Mean we're never alone. Never alone, no, no. Come on, come on. Move a little closer. Come on, come on. I want to hear you whisper. Come on, come on. Settle down inside my love. Come on, come on. Jump a little higher. Come on, come on. If you feel a little lighter. Come on, come on. We were once upon a time in love. We're accidentally in love. Accidentally in love. Accidentally in love. Accidentally in love. Accidentally. I'm in love, I'm in love. I'm in love, I'm in love. I'm in love, I'm in love. Accidentally. I'm in love, I'm in love. I'm in love, I'm in love. I'm in love, I'm in love. Accidentally. Come on, come on. Spin a little tighter. Come on, come on. And the world's a little brighter. Come on, come on. Just get yourself inside her. Love, I'm in loveSave me from this prison. Lord help me get away. Cause only you can save me now. From this misery. Cause I've been lost in my own place. And I'm getting' weary. How far is heaven. And I know I need to change. My ways of livin'. How far is heaven, Lord can you tell me. I've been locked up way too long. In this crazy world, how far is heaven. And I just keep on prayin' Lord. Just keep on livin', how far is heaven. Lord can you tell me, how far is heaven. I just got to know how far, how far is heaven. Lord can you tell me. Tu que estas en alto cielo,. Echame tu bendiciòn. Cause I know there's a better place. Than this place I'm livin', how far is heaven. So I just got to show some faith. And just keep on giving, how far is heaven. Lord can you tell me, how far is heaven. I just wanna know how far, how far is heaven,. Lord can you tell me, how far is heaven,. 'cause I just gotta know how far,. I just wanna know farShowbiz dinners and the free champagne. Men in suits who think they know it all. No one knows me but they know my name. That's not real to me. Hotel lobby to the aeroplane. Another country but they start to look the same. Watch the world behind a windowpane. That's not real to me. When I see my babies run. When all the madness has been and gone. I'll raise my family and live in peace. Now, that's what's real to me, real to me. Dying flowers in a dressing room. A dangerous time to let your head make up it's own mind. Got me thinking that the spirit's flown. That's not real to me. When I see my babies run. When all the madness has been and gone. I'll raise my family and live in peace. Now, that's what's real to me. Picnics in the garden. Then the children they can play. The first day of the summer and I laze here all the day. And we'll invite the family round. And drink some English tea. Then I raise up my finger and watch football on TV. Yeah, oh, now that's what's real to me. When I see my babies run. When all the madness has been and gone. I'll raise my family and live in peace. Now, that's what real to me, that's. What's real to me, real to me. Wake up, you might be dreaming. Wake up, you might be dreaming nowOffspring. Miscellaneous. Hit that. The  winds of fortune. Dont blow the same . She had to get out . And make a change . She had a kid now . But much too young. That baby's daddy's out having fun. . He's saying . I'm on a roll. With all the grils I know . His baby's mama . She aint so slow. He's saying . I'm on a roll . With all the girls I know . I know you wanna hit that . I know you wanna hit that (hit that). All the world is gettin with I say . Consequenses are alot but hey. Thats the way . Thats the way things go . hey hey hey. . What was a family . Is noew a shell. We're raising kids now that raise themselves. Sex is a weapon . Its like a drug . It gets him into the grave that he's Just dug. . Shes saying im on a roll. And chasing guys for fun. Her baby's daddy. It aint his only one . She's saying im on the roll. And chasing guys for fun. I know you wanna hit that . I know you wanna hit that (hit that) . . Well it winds up. Broken up. Really such a shame. But why not. Take a chance. Everything's a game. And it dont stop . Hooking up . Nothing's gonna change. The more he's trying. The more he's buying . . He says I'm on a roll. With all the girls I know. His baby's mama . Don't need to know . Hes saying I'm on a roll . With all the girls I know. I know you wanna hit that. I know you wanna hit that (hit that). All thew world is getting with I say . Consequenses are alot but hey. That's the way . That's the way things go . hey hey heyWhere is the moment we needed the most. You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost. They tell me your blue skies fade to grey. They tell me your passion's gone away. And I don't need no carryin' on. You stand in the line just ahead of the law. You're faking a smile with the coffee you go. You tell me your life's been way off line. You're falling to pieces everytime. And I don't need no carryin' on. Cause you had a bad day. You're taking one down. You sing a sad song just to turn it around. You say you don't know. You tell me don't lie. You work at a smile and you go for a ride. You had a bad day. The camera don't lie. You're coming back down and you really don't mind. You had a bad day. You had a bad day. Well you need a blue sky holiday. The point is they laugh at what you say. And I don't need no carryin' on. You had a bad day. You're taking one down. You sing a sad song just to turn it around. You say you don't know. You tell me don't lie. You work at a smile and you go for a ride. You had a bad day. The camera don't lie. You're coming back down and you really don't mind. You had a bad day. (Oh. Holiday.). Sometimes the system goes on the blink. And the whole thing turns out wrong. You might not make it back and you know. That you could be well oh that strong. And I'm not wrong. So where is the passion when you need it the most. Oh you and I. You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost. Cause you had a bad day. You're taking one down. You sing a sad song just to turn it around. You say you don't know. You tell me don't lie. You work at a smile and you go for a ride. You had a bad day. You've seen what you like. And how does it feel for one more time. You had a bad day. You had a bad day. Had a bad day. Had a bad dayLook at this photograph. Every time I do it makes me laugh. How did our eyes get so red?. And what the hell is on Joey's head?. And this is where I grew up. I think the present owner fixed it up. I never knew we'd ever went without. The second floor is hard for sneaking out. And this is where I went to school. Most of the time had better things to do. Criminal record says I've broke in twice. I must have done it half a dozen times. I wonder if it's too late. Should I go back and try to graduate?. Life's better now than it was back then. If I was them I wouldn't let me in. Oh oh oh. Oh God I. Every memory of looking out the back door. I have the photo album spread out on my bedroom floor. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. Every memory of walking out the front door. I found the photo of the friend that I was looking for. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. Remember the old arcade. Blew every dollar that we ever made. The cops hated us hanging out. They said somebody went and burned it down. We used to listen to the radio. And sing along with every song we know. We said someday we'd find out how if feels. To sing to more than just the steering wheel. Kim's the first girl I kissed. I was so nervous that I nearly missed. She's had a couple of kids since then. I haven't seen her since God knows when. Oh oh oh. Oh God I. Every memory of looking out the back door. I have the photo album spread out on my bedroom floor. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. Every memory of walking out the front door. I found the photo of the friend that I was looking for. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. I miss that town. I miss their faces. You can't erase. You can't replace it. I miss it now. I can't believe it. So hard to stay. So hard to leave it. If I could I relive those days. I know the one thing that would never change. Every memory of looking out the back door. I have the photo album spread out on my bedroom floor. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. Every memory of walking out the front door. I found the photo of the friend that I was looking for. It's hard to say it, time to say it. Goodbye, goodbye. Look at this photograph. Every time I do it makes me laugh. Every time I do it makes meTough, you think you've got the stuff. You're telling me and anyone. You're hard enough. You don't have to put up a fight. You don't have to always be right. Let me take some of the punches. For you tonight. Listen to me now. I need to let you know. You don't have to go it alone. And it's you when I look in the mirror. And it's you when I don't pick up the phone. Sometimes you can't make it on your own. We fight all the time. You and I that's alright. We're the same soul. I don't need, I don't need to hear you say. That if we weren't so alike. You'd like me a whole lot more. Listen to me now. I need to let you know. You don't have to go it alone. And it's you when I look in the mirror. And it's you when I don't pick up the phone. Sometimes you can't make it on your own. I know that we don't talk. I'm sick of it all. Can you hear me when I sing?. You're the reason I sing. You're the reason why the opera is in me. Hey now. Still gotta let you know. A house does not make a home. Don't leave me here alone. And it's you when I look in the mirror. And it's you that makes it hard to let go. Sometimes you can't make it on your own. Sometimes you can't make it. The best you can do is to fake it. Sometimes you can't make it on your ownWhy you wanna tell me how to live my life?. Who are you to tell me if it's black or white?. Mama, can you hear me? Try to understand. Is innocence the difference between a boy and a man?. My daddy lived a lie, it's just the price that he paid. Sacrificed his life, just slavin' away. Ooh, if there's one thing I hang onto. That gets me through the night. I ain't gonna do what I don't want to. I'm gonna live my life. Shining like a diamond, rolling with the dice. Standing on the ledge, show the wind how to fly. When the world gets in my face. I say, have a nice day. Have a nice day. Take a look around you, nothing's what it seems. We're living in the broken home of hopes and dreams. Let me be the first to shake a helping hand. Anybody brave enough to take a stand. I knocked on every door down every dead end street. Looking for forgiveness and what's left to believe?. Ooh, if there's one thing I hang onto. That gets me through the night. I ain't gonna do what I don't want to. I'm gonna live my life. Shining like a diamond, rolling with the dice. Standing on the ledge, and show the wind how to fly. When the world gets in my face. I say, have a nice day. Have a nice day. Ooh, if there's one thing I hang onto. That gets me through the night. I ain't gonna do what I don't want to. I'm gonna live my life. Shining like a diamond, rolling with the dice. Standing on the ledge, and show the wind how to fly. When the world gets in my face. I say, have a nice day. Have a nice day, have a nice day. When the world keeps trying, to drag me down. I've gotta raise my hands, gonna stand my ground. I say, hey, have a nice day. Have a nice day. have a nice dayOh brother I can't, I can't get through. I've been trying hard to reach you 'cause I don't know what to do. Oh brother I can't believe it's true. I'm so scared about the future and I wanna talk to you. Oh I wanna talk to you. You could take a picture of something you see. In the future where will I be?. You could climb a ladder up to the sun. Or write a song nobody had sung. Or do something that's never been done. Are you lost or incomplete?. Do you feel like a puzzle, you can't find your missing piece?. Tell me how you feel. Well I feel like they're talking in a language I don't speak. And they're talking it to me. So you take a picture of something you see. In the future where will I be?. You could climb a ladder up to the sun. Or write a song nobody had sung. Or do something that's never been done. Do something that's never been done. So you don't know where you're going and you wanna talk. And you feel like you're going where you've been before. You'll tell anyone who'll listen but you feel ignored. Nothing's really making any sense at all. Let's talk, let's talk. Let's talk, let's talkWell I was sitting, waiting, wishing. You believed in superstitions. Then maybe you'd see the signs. Lord knows that this world is cruel. And I ain't the Lord no I'm just a fool. And a loving somebody don't make them love you. Must I always be waiting, waiting on you?. Must I always be playing, playing your fool?. I sang your songs, I danced your dance. I gave your friends all a chance. Putting up with them wasn't worth never having you. Aw, maybe you've been through this before. But it's my first time so please ignore. The next few lines 'cause they're directed at you. I can't always be waiting, waiting on you. I can't always be playing, playing your fool. I keep playing your part. But it's not my scene. Want this plot to twist. I've had enough mystery. Keep building it up. But then you're shooting me down. But I'm already down. Just wait a minute. Just sitting, waiting. Just wait a minute. Just sitting, waiting. Well if I was in your position. I'd put down all my ammunition. I'd wonder why it had taken me so long. But Lord knows that I'm not you. And if I was I wouldn't be so cruel. Because waiting on love ain't so easy to do. Must I always be waiting, waiting on you?. Must I always be playing, playing your fool?. No I can't always be waiting, waiting on you. I can't always be playing, playing your fool, foolNAWhere I come from isn't all that great. My automobile is a piece of crap. My fashion sense is a little whack. And my friends are just as screwy as me. I didn't go to boarding schools. Preppie girls never looked at me. Why should they?. I ain't nobody. Got nothing in my pocket. Beverly Hills. That's where I want to be. Livin' in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Rollin' like a celebrity. Livin' in Beverly Hills. Look at all those movie stars. They're all so beautiful and clean. When the housemaids scrub the floors. They get the spaces in between. I wanna live a life like that. I wanna be just like a king. Take my picture by the pool. 'Cause I'm the next big thing. Beverly Hills. That's where I want to be. Livin' in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Rollin' like a celebrity. Livin' in Beverly Hills. The truth is I don't stand a chance. It's something that you're born into. And I just don't belong. No I don't. I'm just a no class, beat down fool. And I will always be that way. I might as well enjoy my life. And watch the stars play. Beverly Hills. That's where I want to be. Livin' in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Rollin' like a celebrity. Livin' in Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Beverly Hills. Livin' in Beverly HillsAnother summer day. Has come and gone away. In Paris and Rome. But I wanna go home. Mmmmmmmm. . May be surrounded by. A million people I. Still feel all alone. I just wanna go home. Oh, I miss you, you know. . And I’ve been keeping all the letters that I wrote to you. Each one a line or two. “I’m fine baby, how are you?”. Well I would send them but I know that it’s just not enough. My words were cold and flat. And you deserve more than that. . Another aeroplane. Another sunny place. I’m lucky, I know. But I wanna go home. Mmmm, I’ve got to go home. . Let me go home. I’m just too far from where you are. I wanna come home. . And I feel just like I’m living someone else’s life. It’s like I just stepped outside. When everything was going right. And I know just why you could not. Come along with me. This was not your dream. But you always believed in me. . Another winter day has come. And gone away. In either Paris or Rome. And I wanna go home. Let me go home. . And I’m surrounded by. A million people I. Still feel alone. And let me go home. Oh, I miss you, you know. . Let me go home. I’ve had my run. Baby, I’m done. I gotta go home. Let me go home. It'll all be all right. I’ll be home tonight. I’m coming back home.NAI know a girl. She puts the color inside of my world. But she's just like a maze. Where all of the walls all continually change. And I've done all I can. To stand on her steps with my heart in my hands. Now I'm starting to see. Maybe it's got nothing to do with me. Fathers, be good to your daughters. Daughters will love like you do. Girls become lovers who turn into mothers. So mothers, be good to your daughters too. Oh, you see that skin?. It's the same shes been standing in. Since the day she saw him walking away. Now she's left. Cleaning up the mess he made. So fathers, be good to your daughters. Daughters will love like you do, yeah. Girls become lovers who turn into mothers. So mothers, be good to your daughters too. Boys, you can break. You'll find out how much they can take. Boys will be strong. And boys soldier on. But boys would be gone without warmth from. A woman's good, good heart. On behalf of every man. Looking out for every girl. You are the god and the weight of her world. So fathers, be good to your daughters. Daughters will love like you do, yeah. Girls become lovers who turn into mothers. So mothers, be good to your daughters too. So mothers, be good to your daughters too. So mothers, be good to your daughters tooThere is a house in New Orleans. They call The Rising Sun. It's been the ruin of many a poor boy. And God, I know I'm one. I cried to my daddy on the telephone. How long now?. Until the clouds unroll and you come down. The line went. But the shadows still remain since your descent. Your descent. I cried to my daddy on the telephone. How long now?. Until the clouds unroll and you come home. The line went. But the shadows still remain since your descent. Your descent. The saints are coming, the saints are coming. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no reply. The saints are coming, the saints are coming. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no reply. A drowning sorrow floods the deepest grief. How long now?. Until the weather change condemns belief. How long now?. When the night watchman lets in the thief. What's wrong now?. The saints are coming, the saints are coming. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no reply. The saints are coming, the saints are coming. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no reply. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no reply. I say no matter how I try, I realize there's no replyI never knew. I never knew that everything was falling through. That everyone I knew was waiting on a cue. To turn and run when all I needed was the truth. But that's how it's got to be. It's coming down to nothing more than apathy. I'd rather run the other way than stay and see. The smoke and who's still standing when it clears. Everyone knows I'm in. Over my head, over my head. With eight seconds left in overtime. She's on your mind, she's on your mind. Let's rearrange. I wish you were a stranger I could disengage. Just say that we agree and then never change. Soften a bit until we all just get along. But that's disregard. Find another friend and you discard. As you lose the arguments in a cable car. Hanging above as the canyon comes between. Everyone knows I'm in. Over my head, over my head. With eight seconds left in overtime. She's on your mind, she's on your mind. Everyone knows I'm in. Over my head, over my head. With eight seconds left in overtime. She's on your mind, she's all on. And suddenly I become a part of your past. I'm becoming the part that don't last. I'm losing you and its effortless. Without a sound we lose sight of the ground. In the throw around. Never thought that you wanted to bring it down. I won't let it go down till we torch it ourselves. And everyone knows I'm in. Over my head, over my head. With eight seconds left in overtime. She's on your mind, she's on your mind. Everyone knows she's on your mind. Everyone knows I'm in over my head. I'm in over my head, I'm over my.... Everyone knows I'm in. Over my head, over my head. With eight seconds left in overtime. She's on your mind, she's on your mindIs it getting better. Or do you feel the same. Will it make it easier on you now. You got someone to blame. You say. One love. One life (one life). When it's one need. In the night. It's one love (one love). We get to share it (oh). It leaves you darling. If you don't care for it. Did I disappoint you?. Or leave a bad taste in your mouth?. You act like you never had love. And you want me to go without. Well it's too late. Tonight. To drag the past out into the light. We're one but we're not the same. We get to carry each other. Carry each other. One, one, one (one), one (one). Have you come here for forgiveness. Have you come to raise the dead. Have you come here to play Jesus. To the lepers in your head. Did I ask too much. More than a lot. You gave me nothing. Now it's all I got. We're one but we're not the same. We hurt each other. Then we do it again. You say. Love is a temple. Love a higher law. Love is a temple. Love is the higher law. You ask of me to enter. But then you made me crawl. And I can't be holding on. To what you got. When all you got is hurt. One love. One blood. One life. You got to do what you should. One life. With each other. Sisters. And my brothers. One life. But we're not the same. We get to carry each other. Carry each other. One (one), one (one), one, one (one). One love, one lifeHoney, why you calling me so late?. It's kind of hard to talk right now. Honey, why you crying? Is everything OK?. I got to whisper 'cause I can't be too loud. Oh well, my girl's in the next room. Sometimes, I wish she was you. I guess we never really moved on. It's really good to hear your voice saying my name. It sounds so sweet. Coming from the lips of an angel. Hearing those words; it makes me weak. And I never want to say goodbye. But girl, you make it hard to be faithful. With the lips of an angel. It's funny that you're calling me tonight. And yes, I dreamt of you too. And does he know you're talking to me?. Will it start a fight?. No, I don't think she has a clue. Oh well, my girl's in the next room. Sometimes, I wish she was you. I guess we never really moved on. It's really good to hear your voice saying my name. It sounds so sweet. Coming from the lips of an angel. Hearing those words; it makes me weak. And I never wanna say goodbye. But girl, you make it hard to be faithful. With the lips of an angel. It's really good to hear your voice saying my name. It sounds so sweet. Coming from the lips of an angel. Hearing those words; it makes me weak. And I never wanna say goodbye. But girl, you make it hard to be faithful. With the lips of an angel. (And I never wanna say goodbye). But girl, you make it hard to be faithful. With the lips of an angel. Honey, why you calling me so late?Who's to say what's impossible?. Well they forgot this world keeps spinning. And with each new day. I can feel a change in everything. And as the surface breaks reflections fade. But in some ways they remain the same. And as my mind begins to spread its wings. There's no stopping curiosity. I want to turn the whole thing upside down. I'll find the things they say just can't be found. I'll share this love I find with everyone. We'll sing and dance to Mother Nature's songs. I don't want this feeling to go away. Who's to say I can't do everything?. Well I can try, and as I roll along I begin to find. Things aren't always just what they seem. I want to turn the whole thing upside down. I'll find the things they say just can't be found. I'll share this love I find with everyone. We'll sing and dance to Mother Nature's song. This world keeps spinning and there's no time to waste. Well it all keeps spinning, spinning. Round and round and upside down. Who's to say what's impossible and can't be found?. I don't want this feeling to go away. Please don't go away. Please don't go away. Please don't go away. Is this how it's supposed to be?. Is this how it's supposed to be?Two, three, four. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). Well my heart knows me better than I know myself. So I'm gonna let it do all the talking.. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). I came across a place in the middle of nowhere. With a big black horse and a cherry tree.. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). I felt a little fear, upon my back. I said, "Don't look back, just keep on walking.". (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). When the big black horse said, "Look this way.". He said, "Hey lady, will you marry me?". (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). But I said, "No, no. No, no-no-no.. "No, no. You're not the one for me.. "No, no. No, no-no-no.. "No, no. You're not the one for me.". (ooooo, woo-hoo). No, no, no, no.. And my heart had a problem, in the early hours,. So I stopped it dead for a beat or two.. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). But I cut some cord, and I shouldn't have done that,. And it won't forgive me after all these years. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). So I sent it to a place in the middle of nowhere. With a big black horse and a cherry tree.. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). Now It won't come back, cause it's oh so happy. And now I've got a hole for the world to see. (woo-hoo, woo-hoo). And It said, "No, no, no, no-no-no.. "No, no, you're not the one for me.. "No, no, no, no-no-no.. "No, no, you're not the one for me.". (ooooo, woo-hoo) (not the one for me, yeah-eh). (ooooo, woo-hoo). Said no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no-no. You're not the one for me. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no-no. You're not the one for me. Big black horse and a cherry tree. I can't quite get there cause my heart's forsaken me. Big black horse and a cherry tree. I can't quite get there cause my heart's forsaken meThis time, this place. Misused, mistakes. Too long, too late. Who was I to make you wait?. . Just one chance, just one breath. Just in case there's just one left. â€~Cause you know, you know, you know. . That I love you. I have loved you all along. And I miss you. Been far away for far too long. . I keep dreaming. You'll be with me and you'll never go. Stop breathing. If I don't see you anymore. . On my knees, I'll ask. Last chance for one last dance. â€~Cause with you, I'd withstand. All of hell to hold your hand. . I'd give it all, I'd give for us. Give anything but I won't give up. â€~Cause you know, you know, you know. . That I love you. I have loved you all along. And I miss you. Been far away for far too long. . I keep dreaming. You'll be with me and you'll never go. Stop breathing. If I don't see you anymore. . So far away, so far away. Been far away for far too long. So far away, so far away. Been far away for far too long. But you know, you know, you know. . I wanted. I wanted you to stay. â€~Cause I needed. I need to hear you say. . That I love you. I have loved you all along. And I forgive you. For being away for far too long. . So keep breathing. â€~Cause I'm not leaving you anymore. Believe it. Hold on to me and never let me go. . Keep breathing. â€~Cause I'm not leaving you anymore. Believe it. Hold on to me and never let me go. . (Keep breathing). Hold on to me and never let me go. (Keep breathing). Hold on to me and never let me goHer face is a map of the world, is a map of the world. You can see she's a beautiful girl, she's a beautiful girl. And everything around her is a silver pool of light. People who surround her feel the benefit of it, it makes you calm. She holds you captivated in her palm. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). This is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. (Suddenly I see). This is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. And I feel like walking the world, like walking the world. And you can hear she's a beautiful girl, she's a beautiful girl. She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white. Makes you feel warmer when you're trying to remember what you heard. She likes to leave you hanging on a wire. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). This is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. (Suddenly I see). this is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. And she's taller than most and she's looking at me. I can see her eyes looking from the page of a magazine. She makes me feel like I could be a tower, big strong tower yeah. The power to be, the power to give, the power to see, yeah yeah. (Suddenly I see). She got the power to be, the power to give, the power to see, yeah yeah. (Suddenly I see). She got the power to be, the power to give, the power to see, yeah yeah yeah. (Suddenly I see). She got the power to be, the power to give, the power to see, yeah yeah. (Suddenly I see). She got the power to be, the power to give, the power to see, yeah yeah. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). This is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. (Suddenly I see). ‘Cause this is what I wanna be. Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. (Suddenly I see). Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to me. (Suddenly I see). Suddenly I see. (Suddenly I see). Why the hell it means so much to meDa da da da. The smell of your skin lingers on me now. You're probably on your flight back to your home town. I need some shelter of my own protection, baby. be with myself and center clarity, peace, serenity. I hope you know, I hope you know. That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do. And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket. But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. The path that I'm walking I must go alone. I must take the baby steps 'til I'm full grown, full grown. Fairytales don't always have a happy ending, do they?. And I foresee the dark ahead if I stay. I hope you know, I hope you know. That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do. And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket. But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry. Like the little school mate in the school yard. We'll play jacks and uno cards. I'll be your best friend and you'll be my Valentine. Yes, you can hold my hand if you want to. 'Cause I want to hold yours too. We'll be playmates and lovers and share our secret worlds. But it's time for me to go home. It's getting late and dark outside. I need to be with myself and center clarity, peace, serenity. I hope you know, I hope you know. That this has nothing to do with you. It's personal, myself and I. We've got some straightenin' out to do. And I'm gonna miss you like a child misses their blanket. But I've got to get a move on with my life. It's time to be a big girl now. And big girls don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. Don't cry. La da da da da daHey there Delilah what's it like in New York City. I'm a thousand miles away. But girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do. Times Square can't shine as bright as you, I swear it's true. Hey there Delilah don't you worry about the distance. I'm right there if you get lonely give this song another listen. Close your eyes, listen to my voice it's my disguise. I'm by your side. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. What you do to me. Hey there Delilah, I know times are getting hard. But just believe me girl, someday I'll pay the bills with this guitar. We'll have it good, we'll have the life we knew we would. My word is good. Hey there Delilah, I've got so much left to say. If every simple song I wrote to you. Would take your breath away, I'd write it all. Even more in love with me you'd fall, we'd have it all. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. A thousand miles seems pretty far. But they've got planes and trains and cars. I'd walk to you if I had no other way. Our friends would all make fun of us. And we'll just laugh along because we know. That none of them have felt this way. Delilah I can promise you. That by the time that we get through. The world will never ever be the same. And you're to blame. Hey there Delilah. You be good and don't you miss me. Two more years and you'll be done with school. And I'll be making history like I do. You'll know it's all because of you. We can do whatever we want to. Hey there Delilah here's to you. This one's for you. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. Oh it's what you do to me. What you do to meStep one, you say, "We need to talk.". He walks, you say, "Sit down. It's just a talk.". He smiles politely back at you. You stare politely right on through. Some sort of window to your right. As he goes left and you stay right. Between the lines of fear and blame. You begin to wonder why you came. Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. Let him know that you know best. 'Cause after all you do know best. Try to slip past his defense. Without granting innocence. Lay down a list of what is wrong. The things you've told him all along. Pray to God, he hears you. And I pray to God, he hears you. And where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. As he begins to raise his voice. You lower yours and grant him one last choice. Drive until you lose the road. Or break with the ones you've followed. He will do one of two things. He will admit to everything. Or he'll say he's just not the same. And you'll begin to wonder why you came. Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. How to save a life. How to save a life. Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend. Somewhere along in the bitterness. And I would have stayed up with you all night. Had I known how to save a life. How to save a life. How to save a lifeBa ba da da, ba ba da da. Ba ba da da, ba ba da da, ba ba da da. Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). It's been some time since we last spoke. This is gonna sound like a bad joke. But mama I fell in love again. It's safe to say I have a new girlfriend. And I know it sounds so old. But cupid got me in a chokehold. And I'm afraid I might give in. Towel's on the mat, my white flag is wavin'. I mean she even cooks me pancakes. And Alka Seltzer when my tummy aches. If that ain't love then I don't know what love is. We even got a secret handshake. And she loves the music that my band makes. I know I'm young but if I had to choose her or the sun. I'd be one nocturnal son of a gun. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). It's been a while since we talked last. And I'm tryin' hard not to talk fast. But dad I'm finally thinkin' I may have found the one. Type of girl that'll make you way proud of your son. And I know you heard the last song. About the girls that didn't last long. But I promise this is on a whole new plane. I can tell by the way she says my name. (Ba ba da da). I love it when she calls my phone. She even got her very own ringtone. If that ain't love then I don't know what love is. (Ba ba da da). It's gonna be a long drive home. But I know as soon as I arrive home. And I open the door, take off my coat. And throw my bag on the floor. She'll be back into my arms once more for sure, like. Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). She's got a smile that? ll make the most senile. Annoying old man bite his tongue, I'm not done. She's got eyes comparable to sunrise. And it doesn't stop there, man I swear. She's got porcelain skin, of course she's a ten. And now she's even got her own song but movin' on. She's got the cutest laugh I ever heard. And we can be on the phone for three hours, not sayin' one word. And I would still cherish every moment. And when I start to build my future she's the main component. Call it dumb, call it luck, call it love or whatever you call it. But everywhere I go I keep her picture in my wallet like. Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da). Take a look at my girlfriend. She's the only one I got. (Ba ba da da). Not much of a girlfriend. I never seem to get a lot. (Ba ba da da, ba ba da da)You make me invisible. Like sky you make my day. And I feel so wonderful. Oh, oh, oh, don't let go. I'm seeing the dark of you. It feels like I never saw the sun. Should I shout for a rescue?. Oh, oh, oh, don't let go. Oh, oh, oh, don't let go. 2 hearts are beating together. I'm in love, I'm in love. Is this forever and ever?. I'm in love, I'm in love. 2 hearts are beating together. I'm in love, I'm in love. Is this forever and ever?. I'm in love, I'm in love. Looks good in sunshine. Well, hold on â€~cause I'm coming up for air. And I can't even see up here. Oh, oh, oh, don't let go. Oh, oh, oh, don't let go. 2 hearts are beating together. I'm in love, I'm in love. Is this forever and ever?. I'm in love, I'm in love. 2 hearts are beating together. I'm in love, I'm in love. Is this forever and ever?. I'm in love, I'm in love. 2 hearts. I'm in love, I'm in love. Is this forever and ever?. I'm in love, I'm in love. 2 heartsThe shackles are undone, the bullets quit the gun. The heat that's in the sun will keep us when there's none. The rule has been disproved, the stone it has been moved. The grave is now a groove, all debts are removed. Oh can't you see what love has done?. Oh can't you see what love has done?. Oh can't you see what love has done?. What it's done to me?. Love makes strange enemies, makes love where love may please. The soul and its striptease, hate brought to its knees. The sky over our head, we can reach it from our bed. You let me in your heart and out of my head, head. Oh can't you see what love has done?. Oh can't you see what love has done?. Oh can't you see what love has done?. What it's done to me?. Oh oh oh oh. Oh oh oh oh. Please don't ever let me out of you. I've got no shame, oh no, oh no. Oh can't you see what love has done?. Oh can't you see?. Oh can't you see what love has done?. What it's doing to me?.   (Oh can't you see what love has done?). I know I hurt you and I made you cry. Did everything but murder you and I.   (Oh can't you see what love has done?).   (Oh can't you see what love has done?). But love left a window in the skies.   (What it's doing to me?). And to love I rhapsodize.   (Oh can't you see what love has done?). To every broken heart.   (Oh can't you see what love has done?). For every heart that cries.   (Oh can't you see what love has done?). Love left a window in the skies.   (What it's doing to me?). And to love I rhapsodize. Oh can't you see?I'm through with standing in line. To clubs we'll never get in. It's like the bottom of the ninth. And I'm never gonna win. This life hasn't turned out. Quite the way I want it to be. (Tell me what you want). I want a brand new house. On an episode of cribs. And a bathroom I can play baseball in. And a king size tub big enough. For ten plus me. (So what do you need). I'll need a credit card that's got no limit. And a big black jet with a bedroom in it. Gonna join the mile high club. At thirty-seven thousand feet. (been there, done that). I want a new tour bus full of old guitars. My own star on hollywood boulevard. Somewhere between Cher and. James Dean is fine for me. (So how you gonna do it). I'm gonna trade this life for fortune and fame. I'd even cut my hair and change my name. 'cause we all just wanna be big rockstars. And live in hilltop houses driving fifteen cars. The girls come easy and the drugs come cheap. We'll all stay skinny 'cause we just won't eat. And we'll hang out in the coolest bars. In the V.I.P. with the movie stars. Every good gold digger's. Gonna wind up there. Every playboy bunny. With her bleach blond hair. Hey, hey I wanna be a rockstar. Hey, hey I wanna be a rockstar. I wanna be great like Elvis without the tassels. Hire eight body guards that love to beat up assholes. Sign a couple autographs. So I can eat my meals for free. I think I'm gonna dress my ass. With the latest fashion. Get a front door key to the playboy mansion. Gonna date a centerfold that loves to. Blow my money for me. (So how you gonna do it?). I'm gonna trade this life. For fortune and fame. I'd even cut my hair. And change my name. 'cause we all just wanna be big rockstars. And live in hilltop houses driving fifteen cars. The girls come easy and the drugs come cheap. We'll all stay skinny 'cause we just won't eat. And we'll hang out in the coolest bars. In the V.I.P. with the movie stars. Every good gold digger's. Gonna wind up there. Every playboy bunny. With her bleach blond hair. And we'll hide out in the private rooms. With the latest dictionary and. Today's who's who. They'll get you anything. With that evil smile. Everybody's got a. Drug dealer on speed dial. Hey hey I wanna be a rockstar. I'm gonna sing those songs. That offend the censors. Gonna pop my pills. From a pez dispenser. I'll get washed-up singers writing all my songs. Lip sing em every night so I don't get 'em wrong. 'cause we all just wanna be big rockstars. And live in hilltop houses driving fifteen cars. The girls come easy and the drugs come cheap. We'll all stay skinny 'cause we just won't eat. And we'll hang out in the coolest bars. In the V.I.P. with the movie stars. Every good gold digger's. Gonna wind up there. Every playboy bunny. With her bleach blond hair. And we'll hide out in the private rooms. With the latest dictionary and. Today's who's who. They'll get you anything. With that evil smile. Everybody's got a. Drug dealer on speed dial. Hey hey I wanna be a rockstar. Hey hey I wanna be a rockstarI was blown away.. What could I say?. It all seemed to make sense.. You've taken away everything,. And I can't deal with that.. I try to see the good in life,. But good things in life are hard to find.. We'll blow it away, blow it away.. Can we make this something good?. Well, I'll try to do it right this time around.. Let's start over.. I'll try to do it right this time around.. It's not over.. 'Cause a part of me is dead and in the ground.. This love is killing me,. But you're the only one.. It's not over.. Taken all I could take,. And I cannot wait.. We're wasting too much time. Being strong, holding on.. Can't let it bring us down.. My life with you means everything,. So I won't give up that easily.. I'll blow it away, blow it away.. Can we make this something good?. 'Cause it's all misunderstood.. Well, I'll try to do it right this time around.. Let's start over.. I'll try to do it right this time around.. It's not over.. 'Cause a part of me is dead and in the ground.. This love is killing me,. But you're the only one.. It's not over.. We can't let this get away.. Let it out, let it out.. Don't get caught up in yourself.. Let it out.. Let's start over.. I'll try to do it right this time around.. It's not over.. 'Cause a part of me is dead and in the ground.. This love is killing me,. But you're the only one.. It's not over.. Let's start over.. It's not over, yeah.... This love is killing me,. But you're the only one.. It's not over.I hold on so nervously, to me and my drink. I wish it was coolin' me. But so far has not been good. It's been shitty, and I feel awkward as I should. This club has got to be the most pretentious thing. Since I thought you and me. Well, I am imagining a dark lit place. Put your place, on my place. Well I'm not paralyzed, but I seem to be struck by you. I wanna make you move because you're standin' still. If your body matches what your eyes can do. You'll probably move right through me on my way to you. I hold out for one more drink, before I think. I'm lookin' too desperately. But so far has not been fun. I should just stay home, if one thing really means one. This club will hopefully be closed in three weeks. That would be cool with me. Well, I'm still imagining a dark lit place. Put your place, on my place. Well I'm not paralyzed, but I seem to be struck by you. I wanna make you move because you're standin' still. If your body matches what your eyes can do. You'll probably move right through me on my way to you. Well I'm not paralyzed, but I seem to be struck by you. I wanna make you move because you're standin' still. If your body matches what your eyes can do. You'll probably move right through me on my way to you. Not paralyzed, but I seem to be struck by you. I wanna make you move because you're standin' still. If your body matches what your eyes can do. You'll probably move right through me on my way to you. You'll probably move right through me on my way to you. You'll probably move right through me on my way to youI didn't hear what you were saying. I live on raw emotion baby. I answer questions never maybe. And I'm not kind if you betray me. So who the hell are you to say 'we'?. I never would have made it baby. If you needed love, well then ask for love. Could have given love, now I'm taking love. And it's not my fault, 'cause you both deserve. What's coming now, so don't say a word. Wake up call. Caught you in the morning with another one in my bed. Don't you care about me anymore?. Don't you care about me?. I don't think so. Six foot tall. Came without a warning, so I had to shoot him dead. He won't come around here anymore. Come around here?. I don't think so. Would've bled to make you happy. You didn't need to treat me that way. And now you beat me at my own game. And now I find you sleeping soundly. And your love is screaming loudly. I hear a sound and hit the ground. If you needed love, well then ask for love. Could have given love, now I'm taking love. And it's not my fault, 'cause you both deserve. What's coming now, so don't say a word. Wake up call. Caught you in the morning with another one in my bed. Don't you care about me anymore?. Don't you care about me?. I don't think so. Six foot tall. Came without a warning, so I had to shoot him dead. He won't come around here anymore. Come around here?. I don't feel so bad. I don't feel so bad. I don't feel so bad. I'm so sorry darling. Did I do the wrong thing?. Oh what was I thinking?. Is his heart still beating?. Wake up call. Caught you in the morning with another one in my bed. Don't you care about me anymore?. Don't you care about me?. I don't think so. Six foot tall. Came without a warning, so I had to shoot him dead. He won't come around here anymore. Come around here?. I don't feel so bad.. Wake up call. Caught you in the morning with another one in my bed. Don't you care about me anymore?. Don't you care about me?. I don't think so. Six foot tall. Came without a warning, so I had to shoot him dead. He won't come around here anymore. He won't come around here?. I don't feel so bad.. Wake up call. Caught you in the morning with another one in my bed. Don't you care about me anymore?. Don't you care about me?. I don't think so...I like where we are. When we drive in your car. I like where we are. Here. 'Cause our lips can touch. And our cheeks can brush. Our lips can touch. Here. Well you are the one. The one that lies close to me. Whispers hello, I miss you quite terribly. I fell in love. In love with you suddenly. Now there's no place else I could be. But here in your arms. I like where you sleep. When you sleep next to me. I like where you sleep. Here. Our lips can touch. And our cheeks can brush. Our lips can touch. Here. Well you are the one. The one that lies close to me. Whispers hello, I miss you quite terribly. I fell in love. In love with you suddenly. Now there's no place else I could be. But here in your arms. Our lips can touch. Our lips can touch. Here. Well you are the one. The one that lies close to me. Whispers hello, I miss you quite terribly. I fell in love. In love with you suddenly. Now there's no place else I could be. But here in your arms. Well you are the one. The one that lies close to me. Whispers hello, I miss you quite terribly. I fell in love. In love with you suddenly. Now there's no place else I could be. But here in your arms. Here in your arms. Here in your armsI'm gonna make it bend and break.   (It sent you to me without wings). Say a prayer, but let the good times roll. In case God doesn't show.   (Let the good times roll, let the good times roll). And I want these words to make things right. But it's the wrongs that make the words come to life. "Who does he think he is?". If that's the worst you've got better put your fingers back to the keys. One night and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Even though they weren't so great. He tastes like you only sweeter. One night yeah, and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the memories. See he tastes like you only sweeter. I'm looking forward to the future. But my eyesight is going bad. And this crystal ball. It's always cloudy except for, except for. When you look into the past, look into the past. One night stand. One night stand. One night and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Even though they weren't so great. He tastes like you only sweeter. One night yeah, and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the memories. See he tastes like you only sweeter. They say I only think in the form of. Crunching numbers in hotel rooms. Collecting page six lovers. Get me out of my mind. Gets you out of those clothes. I'm a liner away from. Getting you into the mood. One night and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Even though they weren't so great. He tastes like you only sweeter. One night yeah, and one more time. Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the memories. See he tastes like you only sweeter. One night and one more time.   (One more night, one more time). Thanks for the memories. Even though they weren't so great. He tastes like you only sweeter. One night yeah, and one more time.   (One more night, one more time). Thanks for the memories. Thanks for the memories. See he tastes like you only sweeterI asked her to stay. But she wouldn´t listen. She left before I had the chance to say, oh. The words that will mend. the things that were broken. And now it´s far too late, she´s gone away. Every night you cry yourself to sleep. thinking "why does this happen to me?". "Why does every moment have to be so hard?". Hard to believe it. It´s not over, tonight. Just give me one more chance to make it right. I may not make it through the night. I won´t go home without you. The taste of her breath, I´ll never get over. The noises that she made kept me awake, ohh. The weight of the things that remain unspoken. Built up so much, it crushed us every day. Every night you cry yourself to sleep. thinking "why does this happen to me?". "Why does every moment have to be so hard?". Hard to believe it. It´s not over, tonight. Just give me one more chance to make it right. I may not make it through the night. I won´t go home without you. ooohh.... It's not over tonight. Just give me one more chance to make it right. I may not make it through the night. I won't go home without you. ooohh.... Of all the things I've felt I've never really showed. Perhaps the worst is that I never let you go. I should not ever let you go. It's not over tonight. Just give me one more chance to make it right. I may not make it through the night. I won't go home without you. ooohh.... It's not over tonight. Just give me one more chance to make it right. I may not make it through the night. I won't go home without you. And I won't go home without you. And I won't go home without you. And I won't go home without youI'm staring out into the night, trying to hide the pain. I'm going to the place where love. And feeling good don't ever cost a thing. And the pain you feel's a different kind of pain. Well, I'm going home, back to the place where I belong. And where your love has always been enough for me. I'm not running from, no, I think you got me all wrong. I don't regret this life I chose for me. But these places and these faces are getting old. So I'm going home, well I'm going home. The miles are getting longer, it seems, the closer I get to you. I've not always been the best man or friend for you. But your love it makes true and I don't know why. You always seem to give me another try. So I'm going home, back to the place where I belong. And where your love has always been enough for me. I'm not running from, no, I think you got me all wrong. I don't regret this life I chose for me. But these places and these faces are getting old. Be careful what you wish for 'cause you just might get it all. You just might get it all and then some you don't want. Be careful what you wish for 'cause you just might get it all. You just might get it all, yeah. Oh, well I'm going home, back to the place where I belong. And where your love has always been enough for me. I'm not running from, no, I think you got me all wrong. I don't regret this life I chose for me. But these places and these faces are getting old. I said these places and these faces are getting old. So I'm going home, I'm going homeSantana. Miscellaneous. Into The Night. 1st Verse. Like a gift from the heavens, it was easy to tell,. It was love from above, that could save me from hell,. She had fire in her soul it was easy to see,. And the devil himself could be pulled out of me,. There were drums in the air as she started to dance,. Every soul in the room keeping time with their hands,. And we sang.... . (Chorus). Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And the voices rang like the angels sing,. We`re singing.... Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And we danced on into the night,. (Ay oh ay oh). And we danced on into the night,. . 2nd Verse. Like a piece to the puzzle that falls into place,. You could tell how we felt from the look on our face,. She was spinning in circles with the moon in our eyes,. The room left them moving between you and I,. We forgot where we were and we lost track of time,. And we sang to the wind as we danced through the night,. And we sang.... . (Chorus). Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And the voices rang like the angels sing,. We`re singing... Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And we danced on into the night,. (Ay oh ay oh). . And we danced on into the night,. (Ay oh ay oh). And we danced on into the night,. . (Santana solo). . [1st Verse repeated]. Like a gift from the heavens, it was easy to tell,. It was love from above, that could save me from hell,. She had fire in her soul it was easy to see,. And the devil himself could be pulled out of me,. There were drums in the air as she started to dance,. Every soul in the room keeping time with their hands,. And we sang.... . (Chorus). Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And the voices rang like the angels sing,. We`re singing.... Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. And we danced on into the night,. Ay oh ay oh ay,. (Ay oh ay oh). And we danced on into the night,. (And the voices bang like the angels sing),. Ay oh ay oh,. Ay oh ay oh,. And we danced on into the night,. Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. (Ay oh ay oh),. Ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. (Ay oh ay oh),. Singing ay oh ay oh ay oh ay,. (Ay oh ay oh),. And we danced on into the night..NAOh the wind whistles down. The cold dark street tonight. And the people they were dancing. To the music vibe. And the boys chase the girls, with curls in their hair. While shy tormented youth sit way over there. And the songs get louder each one better than before. And you singing the song thinking this is the life. And you wake up in the morning and your head feels twice the size. where you gonna go, where you gonna go, where you gonna sleep tonight?. And you singing the song thinking this is the life. And you wake up in the morning and your head feels twice the size. Where you gonna go, where you gonna go, where you gonna sleep tonight?. Where you gonna sleep tonight. So you're heading down the road in your taxi for 4. And you're waiting outside Jimmy's front door. But nobody's in and nobody's home till 4. So you're sitting there with nothing to do. Talking about Robert Riger and his motley crew. And where you gonna go, where you gonna sleep tonight?He broke your heart. He took your soul. You're hurt inside. 'Cause there's a hole. You need some time to be alone. then you will find. what you've always known. I'm the one who really love ya, baby. I've been knockin' at your door. and as long as I'm livin'. I'll be waitin'. as long as I'm breathin'. I'll be there. whenever you call me. I'll be waitin'. whenever you need me. I'll be there. I've seen ya cry. into the night. I feel your pain. can I make it right?. I realize there's no end in sight. yet still I wait. for you to see the light. I'm the one who really loves ya, baby. I can't take it anymore. and as long as I'm livin'. I'll be waitin'. as long as I'm breathin'. I'll be there. whenever you call me. I'll be waitin'. whenever you need me. I'll be there. You are the only one I've ever known. that makes me feel this way, couldn't on my own. I wanna be with you until we're old. you've got the love you need right in front of you, please come home. and as long as I'm livin'. I'll be waitin'. as long as I'm breathin'. I'll be there. whenever you call me. I'll be waitin'. whenever you need me. I'll be there. and as long as I'm livin'. I'll be waitin'. as long as I'm breathin'. I'll be there. whenever you call me. I'll be waitin'. whenever you need me. I'll be thereThis time, I wonder what it feels like. To find the one in this life, the one we all dream of. But dreams just aren't enough. So I'll be waiting for the real thing, I'll know it by the feeling. The moment when we're meeting, will play out like a scene. Straight off the silver screen. So I'll be holding my breath, right up 'til the end. Until that moment when, I find the one that I'll spend forever with. Cause nobody wants to be the last one there. Cause everyone wants to feel like someone cares. Someone to love with my life in their hands. There's gotta be somebody for me like that. Cause nobody wants to go it on their own. And everyone wants to know they're not alone. There's somebody else that feels the same somewhere. There's gotta be somebody for me out there. Tonight, out on the street, out in the moonlight. And dammit this feels too right, it's just like de ja vu. Me standing here with you. So I'll be holding my breath, could this be the end?. Is it that moment when, I find the one that I'll spend forever with. Cause nobody wants to be the last one there. Cause everyone wants to feel like someone cares. Someone to love with my life in their hands. There's gotta be somebody for me like that. Cause nobody wants to go it on their own. And everyone wants to know they're not alone. There's somebody else that feels the same somewhere. There's gotta be somebody for me out there. You can't give up, (when you're looking for) a diamond in the rough (cause you never know). When it shows up, (make sure you're holding on). Cause it could be the one, the one you're waiting on. Cause nobody wants to be the last one there. And everyone wants to feel like someone cares. Someone to love with my life in their hands. There's gotta be somebody for me, oh. Nobody wants to go it on their own. And everyone wants to know they're not alone. There's somebody else that feels the same somewhere. There's gotta be somebody for me out there. Nobody wants to be the last one there. Cause everyone wants to feel like someone cares. There's somebody else that feels the same somewhere. There's gotta be somebody for me out there1, 2, 3, 4. Everything he does, better than anything ordinary. Everything he wants he gets, cause everything he. does is kinda necessary. I believe in love, tell me can anything last forever. Life can live up to love, Got a hand on my heart. I'm never saying never. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, nothing that I do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade, fade. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, that I cannot do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade.. Maybe next time I'll take a ride on by, I wanna. feel you near. Cause I can't play this like I'm into now, my. aladdin's lamp is down, and I gotta fear, oh baby. right here. Giving up just looking into windows, yeah I've had. enough of wishing I've found you, baby don't you. know. I've had as much I can take of falling, yeah. Got a lot to learn bout riding through. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, nothing that I do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade, fade. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, that I cannot do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade.. Here I am, walking Primrose, wondering when I'm. gonna see you again. So here I am, walking Primrose, wondering when. I'm gonna see you again. I've got my hands all ready to touch your soul,. I'm gonna get the energy to wire me close to you,. Got my eyes on the prize I see,. Are you watching me baby?. Cause my heart is turning to solid gold,. And my head is saying honey too good to be true,. Oh one look in your glitter eyes,. How else telling me every time. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, nothing that I do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade, fade. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, that I cannot do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade.. Maybe it's not that hard to know you. Maybe we'll make it up and go. Maybe we'll work things out, there's only one. way up and one way down I know. If you wanna convince me start again,. If you wanna be with me in my arms. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, nothing that I do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade, fade. You're gonna make me, make me love you,. nothing at all, that I cannot do. Promise I made, promise I made, started to fade,. started to fade. fadeTold you I made dinner plans. For you and me and no one else. That don't include your crazy friends. Well I'm done. With awkward situation's empty conversations. Oh This is an S.O.S.. Don't wanna second guess. This is the bottom line. It's true. I gave my all for you. now my heart's in two. And I can't find the other half. It's like I'm walking on broken glass. better believe I bled. It's a call I'll never get. So this is where the story ends. A conversation on IM. Well I'm done. with texting. Sorry for the miscommunication. Oh This is an S.O.S.. Don't wanna second guess. This is the bottom line. It's true. I gave my all for you. now my heart's in two. And I can't find the other half. It's like I'm walking on broken glass. better believe I bled. It's a call I'll never get. Next time I see you. I'm giving you a high five. 'cause hugs are over rated, just FYI. Oh This is an S.O.S.. Don't wanna second guess. This is the bottom line. It's true. I gave my all for you. now my heart's in two. (yeah). Oh This is an S.O.S.. Don't wanna second guess. This is the bottom line. It's true. I gave my all for you. now my heart's in two. And I can't find the other half. It's like I'm walking on broken glass. better believe I bled. It's a call I'll never getSo called Mr Rock and Roll. Is dancing on his own again. Talking on his phone again. To someone who tells him that his balance is low. He's got no where to go. He's on his own again. Rock chick of the century. Is acting like she used to be. Dancing like there's no-one there. Before she ever seemed to care. Now she wouldn't dare. It's so rock and roll to be alone. And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I was something more". And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I knew you, I wish I knew you before". Mrs Black and White. She's never seen a shade of grey. Always something on her mind,. Every single day. But now she's lost her way. And where does she go from here. Mr Multicultural. Sees all that one could see. He's living proof of someone. Very different to me. But now he wants to be free,. Free so he can see. And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I was something more". And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I knew you, I wish I knew you before". He'll say "I wish I knew you, I wish I met you when time was still on my side". She'll say "I wish I knew you, I wish I loved you before I was his bride". And so they must depart. Too many more broken hearts. But I've seen that all before. In TV, books and film and more. And there's a happy ending. Every single day. And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I was something more". And they'll meet one day, far away. And say "I wish I knew you, I wish I knew you before"I'm so addicted to. All the things you do. When you're going down on me. In between the sheets. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. When you're loving me. Ooh, girl, let's take it slow. So, as for you, well, you know where to go. I want to take my love. And hate you till the end. It's not like you to turn away. From all the bullshit I can't take. It's not like me to walk away. I'm so addicted to. All the things you do. When you're going down on me. In between the sheets. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. When you're loving me, yeah. I know when it's getting rough. All the times we've spent trying to make this love. Something better than just making up again. It's not like you to turn away. All the bullshit I can't take. Just when I think I can walk away. I'm so addicted to. All the things you do. When you're going on me. In between the sheets. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. I'm so addicted to. The things you do. When you're going down on me. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. When you're loving me, yeah. When you're loving me. How can I make it through. All the things you do?. There's just got to be. More to you and me. I'm so addicted to. All the things you do. When you're going down on me. In between the sheets. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. It's unlike anything. I'm so addicted to. All the things you do. When you're going down on me. All the sounds you make. With every breath you take. It's unlike anything. I'm so addicted to you. Addicted to youI found God on the corner of 1st and Amistad. Where the West was all but won. All alone, smoking his last cigarette. I said, "Where you been?" He said, "Ask anything". . Where were you when everything was falling apart?. All my days were spent by the telephone that never rang. And all I needed was a call that never came. To the corner of 1st and Amistad. . Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me. Lying on the floor surrounded, surrounded. Why'd you have to wait? Where were you? Where were you?. Just a little late, you found me, you found me. . But in the end everyone ends up alone. Losing her, the only one who's ever known. Who I am, who I'm not and who I wanna be. No way to know how long she will be next to me. . Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me. Lying on the floor surrounded, surrounded. Why'd you have to wait? Where were you? Where were you?. Just a little late, you found me, you found me!. . The early morning, the city breaks. And I've been calling for years and years and years and years. And you never left me no messages. You never sent me no letters. You got some kind of Man taking all i want. . Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me. Lying on the floor, where were you? Where were you?. . Lost and insecure, you found me, you found me. Lying on the floor surrounded, surrounded. Why'd you have to wait? Where were you? Where were you?. Just a little late, you found me, you found me!. . Why'd you have to wait to find me, to find me?[**feat. Lil Wayne]. [Kevin Rudolf:]. I see your dirty face hide behind your collar. . What is done in vain, truth is hard to swallow.. So you pray to God to justify the way. you live a lie, live a lie, live a lie.. And you take your time.. And you do your crime.. Well you made your bed.. I'm in mine.. Because when I arrive, . I-I bring the fire.. Make you come alive,. I can take you higher.. What this is?. Forgot?. I must now remind you.. Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock.. Now the son's disgraced, he who knew his father.. When he cursed his name, turned and chased the dollar.. But it broke his heart so he stuck his middle finger. to the world, to the world, to the world.. And you take your time.. And you stand in line. where you'll get what's yours,. I got mine.. Because when I arrive,. I-I bring the fire.. Make you come alive,. I can take you higher.. What this is?. Forgot?. I must now remind you.. Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock.. [Lil' Wayne:]. Yeah!. Wayne's World.. Planet Rock.. Panties drop,. and the tops.. And she gon' rock 'til the camera stop.. I sing about angels like Angela. *******(Rock). And Pamela. (Rock). And Samantha.(Rock). And Amanda. (Rock). And Tamara.(Rock). "Me nashe meua". In here like bitch, what's up. Mechanic me, I can fix ya up.. I can fuck you up. I can fuck you down. Shorty we can go where ever just pick a town. And my jewelry is louder than the engine sound. Big ass rocks like off the ground,. Dirty like sex that's on the ground********. Weezy. [Kevin Rudolf:]. Because when I arrive,. I-I bring the fire.. Make you come alive,. I can take you higher.. What this is?. Forgot?. I must now remind you.. Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock.. Because when I arrive,. I-I bring the fire.. Make you come alive,. I can take you higher.. What this is?. Forgot?. I must now remind you.. Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock.. Just let it rock (rock, rock). Let it rock.. Let it rock.. [Lil' Wayne:]. *****I'm back like I forgot somethin'. I'm somethin'. Rulin rock rubbin' rap runnin'. miles like i'm tryin' to get a flat stomach. Like Wayne a personal trainer. My aim is perfect I bang ya. period, like a reminda**********. [Kevin Rudolf:]. I wish I could be as cruel as you.. I wish I could say the things you do.. But I can't and I won't live a lie.. No, not this time.My eyes are open wide. By the way, I made it through the day. I watch the world outside. By the way, I'm leaving out today. I just saw Halley's Comet, she waved. Said why you always running in place. Even the man in the moon disappeared. Somewhere in the stratosphere. Tell my mother, tell my father. I've done the best I can. To make them realize, this is my life. I hope they understand. I'm not angry, I'm just saying. Sometimes goodbye is a second chance. Please don't cry one tear for me. I'm not afraid of what I have to say. This is my one and only voice. So listen close, it's only for today. I just saw Halley's Comet, she waved. Said why you always running in place. Even the man in the moon disappeared. Somewhere in the stratosphere. Tell my mother, tell my father. I've done the best I can. To make them realize, this is my life. I hope they understand. I'm not angry, I'm just saying. Sometimes goodbye is a second chance. Here is my chance. This is my chance. Tell my mother, tell my father. I've done the best I can. To make them realize, this is my life. I hope they understand. I'm not angry, I'm just saying. Sometimes goodbye is a second chance. Sometimes goodbye is a second chance. Sometimes goodbye is a second chanceMy best friend gave me the best advice. He said each day's a gift and not a given right. Leave no stone unturned, leave your fears behind. And try to take the path less traveled by. That first step you take is the longest stride. If today was your last day and tomorrow was too late. Could you say goodbye to yesterday?. Would you live each moment like your last. Leave old pictures in the past?. Donate every dime you had, if today was your last day?. What if, what if, if today was your last day?. Against the grain should be a way of life. What's worth the price is always worth the fight. Every second counts 'cause there's no second try. So live like you're never living twice. Don't take the free ride in your own life. If today was your last day and tomorrow was too late. Could you say goodbye to yesterday?. Would you live each moment like your last?. Leave old pictures in the past?. Donate every dime you had?. And would you call those friends you never see?. Reminisce old memories?. Would you forgive your enemies?. And would you find that one you're dreaming of?. Swear up and down to God above. That you'd finally fall in love if today was your last day?. If today was your last day. Would you make your mark by mending a broken heart?. You know it's never too late to shoot for the stars. Regardless of who you are. So do whatever it takes. 'Cause you can't rewind a moment in this life. Let nothing stand in your way. 'Cause the hands of time are never on your side. If today was your last day and tomorrow was too late. Could you say goodbye to yesterday?. Would you live each moment like your last?. Leave old pictures in the past?. Donate every dime you had?. And would you call those friends you never see?. Reminisce old memories?. Would you forgive your enemies?. And would you find that one you're dreaming of. Swear up and down to God above. That you'd finally fall in love if today was your last day?The future needs a big kiss. Winds blows with a twist. Never seen a moon like this. Can you see it too?. Night is falling everywhere. Rockets at the fun fair. Satan loves a bomb scare. But won't scare you. Hey! Sexy boots. Get on your boots, yeah. You free me from the dark dream. Candy floss ice cream. All our kids are screaming. But the ghosts aren't real. Here's where we gotta be. Love and community. Laughter is eternity. If joy is real. You don't know how beautiful. You don't know how beautiful you are.   (You don't know!). No, you don't know how beautiful.   (And you don't get it, do you?). You don't know how beautiful you are.   (You don't know how beautiful you). That's someone's stuff they're blowing up. But we're into growing up. Women of the future. Hold the big revelations. I got a submarine. You got gasoline. I don't wanna talk about. Wars between nations. Not right now. Sexy boots. Get on your boots, yeah. Not right now. Bossy boots. You don't know how beautiful. You don't know how beautiful you are.   (You don't know!). No, you don't know how beautiful.   (And you don't get it, do you?). You don't know how beautiful you are.   (You don't know how beautiful you are). Sexy boots. I don't wanna talk about the wars between the nations. Sexy boots, yeah. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound, sound. Let me in the sound, sound. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound now. God, I'm going down. I don't wanna drown now. Meet me in the sound. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound. Let me in the sound, sound. Let me in the sound, sound. Meet me in the sound. Get on your boots. Get on your boots. Get on your boots, yeah hey hey!. Get on your boots, yeah hey hey!. Get on your boots, yeah hey hey!. Get on your boots, yeah hey hey!And I hope.... And I hope.... I've practiced this for hours, gone 'round and 'round. And now I think that I've got it all down. And as I say it louder I love how it sounds. 'Cause I'm not taking the easy way out. Not wrapping this in ribbons. Shouldn't have to give a reason why. It's no surprise, I won't be here tomorrow. I can't believe that I stayed till today. Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow. But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise. (And I hope...). It came out like a river once I let it out. When I thought that I wouldn't know how. Held onto it forever just pushing it down. Felt so good to let go of it now. Not wrapping this in ribbons. Shouldn't have to give a reason why. It's no surprise I won't be here tomorrow. I can't believe that I stayed till today. There's nothing here in this heart left to borrow. There's nothing here in this soul left to say. Don't be surprised when we hate this tomorrow. God knows we tried to find an easier way. Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow. But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise. Our favorite place we used to go. The warm embrace that no one knows. The loving look that's left your eyes. That's why this comes as no, as no surprise. (And I hope...). If I could see the future and how this plays out. I bet it's better than where we are now. But after going through this. It's easier to see the reason why. It's no surprise, I won't be here tomorrow. I can't believe that I stayed till today. (Stay till today...). Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow. But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise. The kiss goodnight, it comes with me. Both wrong and right, our memories. (our memories). The whispering before we sleep. Just one more thing that you can't keep. (That you can't keep). Our favorite place we used to go. The warm embrace that no one knows. The loving look that's left your eyes. But I know in time we'll find this was no surprise. And I hope... 5xToo big, too small?. Size does matter, after all. Zu groÃ¾, zu klein?. Er kÃ¶nnte etwas grÃ¶Ã¾er sein. Mercedes-Benz und autobahn. Alleine in das Ausland fahren. Reise, reise fahrvergnÃ¼gen. Ich will nur spaÃ¾, mich nicht verlieben. Just a little bit, just a little, bitch. You've got a pussy, I have a dick. So what's the problem?. Let's do it quick. So take me now before it's too late. Life's too short, so I can't wait. Take me now, oh, don't you see?. I can't get laid in Germany. Too short, too tall?. Doesn't matter, one size fits all. Zu groÃ¾, zu klein?. Der Schlagbaum sollte oben sein. SchÃ¶nes frÃ¤ulein, lust auf mehr. Blitzkrieg mit dem fleischgewehr. Schnaps im kopf, du holde braut. Steck bratwurst in dein sauerkraut. Just a little bit be my little bitch. You've got a pussy, I have a dick. So what's the problem?. Let's do it quick. So take me now before it's too late. Life's too short, so I can't wait. Take me now, oh, don't you see?. I can't get laid in Germany. Germany, Germany. You've got a pussy, I have a dick. So what's the problem?. Let's do it quick!. You've got a pussy, I have a dick. So what's the problem?. Let's do it quick. You've got a pussy, I have a dick. So what's the problem?. Let's do it quick. So take me now before it's too late. Life's too short, so I can't wait!. Take me now, oh, don't you see?. I can't get laid in GermanyAll the right friends in all the right places, so yeah, we're goin' down. They got all the right moves and all the right faces, so yeah, we're goin' down. Let's paint the picture of the perfect place. They got it better than what anyone's told you. They'll be the King of Hearts, and you're the Queen of Spades. Then we'll fight for you like we were your soldiers. I know we got it good, but they got it made. And their grass is getting greener each day. I know things are looking up, but soon they'll take us down. Before anybody's knowin' our name. They got. All the right friends in all the right places, so yeah, we're goin' down. They got all the right moves and all the right faces, so yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. Do you think I'm special?. Do you think I'm nice, am I bright enough to shine in your spaces?. Between the noise you hear, and the sound you like. Are we just sinking in an ocean of faces?. It can't be possible that rain could fall. Only when it's over our heads. The sun is shining everyday, but it's far away. Over their world instead, they got, they got. They got. All the right friends in all the right places, so yeah, we're goin' down. They got all the right moves and all the right faces, so yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. It don't matter what you see, I know I could never be. Someone that could look like you.. It don't matter what you say, I know I could never face. Someone that could sound like you. All the right friends in all the right places, (yeah, we're goin' down). All the right moves and all the right faces, so (yeah, we're goin' down). All the right friends in all the right places, (yeah, we're goin' down). They got all the right moves and all the right faces, so yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. Everybody knows, everybody knows where we're goin', yeah, we're goin' down. All the right moves. All the right movesNAOne more depending on a prayer. and we all look away.. People pretending everywhere. It's just another day. There's bullets flying through the air. and they still carry on.. We watch it happened over there. and then just turn it off. We must stand together. There's no giving in. Hand in hand forever. That's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win. They tell us everything's alright. and we just go along. How can we fall asleep at nigth?. when something's clearly wrong. When we could feed at starving world. with what we throw away. But all we serve are empty words. That always taste the same. We must stand together. There's no giving in. Hand in hand forever. That's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win. The right thing to guide us. Is right here, inside us. No one can divide us. When the light is nearly gone. But just like a heartbeat. The drumbeat carries on. The drumbeat carries on. -just like a hearbeat-. We must stand together. There's no giving in. Hand in hand forever. That's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win. That's that's that's when we all win.NAIch wart seit Wochen, auf diesen Tag. und tanz vor Freude, über den Asphalt. Als wär's ein Rythmus, als gäb's ein Lied. Das mich immer weiter, durch die Straßen zieht. Komm dir entgegen, dich abzuholen, wie ausgemacht. Zu der selben Uhrzeit, am selben Treffpunkt, wie letztes mal. . Durch das Gedränge, der Menschenmenge. Bahnen wir uns den altbekannten Weg. Entlang der Gassen, zu den Rheinterrassen. Über die Brücken, bis hin zu der Musik. Wo alles laut ist, wo alle drauf sind, um durchzudreh'n. Wo die Anderen warten, um mit uns zu starten, und abzugeh'n. . An Tagen wie diesen, wünscht man sich Unendlichkeit. An Tagen wie diesen, haben wir noch ewig Zeit. Wünsch ich mir Unendlichkeit. . Das hier ist ewig,ewig für heute. Wir steh'n nicht still, für eine ganze Nacht. Komm ich trag dich,durch die Leute. Hab keine Angst, ich gebe auf dich Acht. Wir lassen uns treiben, tauchen unter, schwimmen mit dem Strom. Dreh'n unsere Kreise, kommen nicht mehr runter, sind schwerelos. . An Tagen wie diesen, wünscht man sich Unendlichkeit. An Tagen wie diesen, haben wir noch ewig Zeit. In dieser Nacht der Nächte, die uns so viel verspricht. Erleben wir das Beste, kein Ende ist in Sicht. . Kein Ende in Sicht. Kein Ende in Sicht. Kein Ende in Sicht. . An Tagen wie diesen, wünscht man sich Unendlichkeit. An Tagen wie diesen, haben wir noch ewig Zeit. In dieser Nacht der Nächte, die uns so viel verspricht. Erleben wir das Beste, kein Ende ist in Sicht. Erleben wir das Beste, und kein Ende ist in Sicht. Kein Ende in Sicht